(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
>»
>» M
>» Man
>» Man:
>» Man: Si
>» Man: Sinc
>» Man: Since
>» Man: Since th
>» Man: Since the
>» Man: Since the Fr
>» Man: Since the Free
>» Man: Since the Freeze
>» Man: Since the Freeze,
th
ther
there'
there's
there's on
there's one
there's one th
there's one thin
there's one thing
th
that
there's one thing
that's
that's k
there's one thing
that's kep
that's kept
there's one thing
that's kept us
that's kept us a
there's one thing
that's kept us ali
that's kept us alive
there's one thing
that's kept us alive.
An
An i
that's kept us alive.
An ins
An insti
that's kept us alive.
An instinc
An instincti
that's kept us alive.
An instinctive
An instinctive t
that's kept us alive.
An instinctive tra
An instinctive trait
in
in e
An instinctive trait
in eve
in every
An instinctive trait
in every p
in every per
An instinctive trait
in every perso
in every person
An instinctive trait
in every person wh
in every person who'
An instinctive trait
in every person who's
in every person who's ev
An instinctive trait
in every person who's ever
in every person who's ever h
An instinctive trait
in every person who's ever had
to
to r
in every person who's ever had
to rel
to rely
in every person who's ever had
to rely on
to rely on a
in every person who's ever had
to rely on a g
to rely on a gro
in every person who's ever had
to rely on a group
to rely on a group t
in every person who's ever had
to rely on a group to
to rely on a group to su
in every person who's ever had
to rely on a group to surv
to rely on a group to surviv
in every person who's ever had
to rely on a group to survive.
No
Not
to rely on a group to survive.
Not lo
Not love
to rely on a group to survive.
Not love..
Not love...
♪
no
not
not pe
not pers
not persev
not persever
not perseveran
not perseverance
not perseverance..
not perseverance...
»>
»> W
not perseverance...
»> Wom
»> Woman
not perseverance...
»> Woman:
»> Woman: Ca
not perseverance...
»> Woman: Capt
»> Woman: Captai
not perseverance...
»> Woman: Captain
»> Woman: Captain Mi
not perseverance...
»> Woman: Captain Mili
»> Woman: Captain Milius
not perseverance...
»> Woman: Captain Milius.
♪
>»
>» M
>» Mil
>» Miliu
>» Milius:
>» Milius: I
>» Milius: It'
>» Milius: It's
>» Milius: It's lo
>» Milius: It's loya
>» Milius: It's loyalt
>» Milius: It's loyalty.
»>
»> W
>» Milius: It's loyalty.
»> Wom
»> Woman
>» Milius: It's loyalty.
»> Woman:
»> Woman: A
>» Milius: It's loyalty.
»> Woman: A wo
»> Woman: A word
>» Milius: It's loyalty.
»> Woman: A word.
>» Woman: A word.
Ho
How
>» Woman: A word.
How da
How dare
>» Woman: A word.
How dare y
How dare you
>» Woman: A word.
How dare you d
How dare you dis
>» Woman: A word.
How dare you disob
How dare you disobey
>» Woman: A word.
How dare you disobey m
How dare you disobey me
an
and
How dare you disobey me
and re
and rein
How dare you disobey me
and reinst
and reinstat
How dare you disobey me
and reinstate
and reinstate a
How dare you disobey me
and reinstate a pr
and reinstate a prog
How dare you disobey me
and reinstate a progra
and reinstate a program
I
I sh
and reinstate a program
I shut
I shut d
and reinstate a program
I shut dow
I shut down.
»>
»> A
I shut down.
»> Adm
»> Admir
I shut down.
»> Admiral
»> Admiral,
I shut down.
»> Admiral, th
»> Admiral, the
I shut down.
»> Admiral, the la
»> Admiral, the lab
>» Admiral, the lab
an
anim
>» Admiral, the lab
animal
animals
>» Admiral, the lab
animals we
animals were
>» Admiral, the lab
animals were a
animals were all
>» Admiral, the lab
animals were all d
animals were all dea
>» Admiral, the lab
animals were all dead.
Hu
Huma
animals were all dead.
Human
Human tr
animals were all dead.
Human tria
Human trials
animals were all dead.
Human trials a
Human trials are
animals were all dead.
Human trials are o
Human trials are our
animals were all dead.
Human trials are our o
Human trials are our onl
animals were all dead.
Human trials are our only
ho
hope
Human trials are our only
hope t
hope to
Human trials are our only
hope to co
hope to comb
Human trials are our only
hope to combat
hope to combat t
Human trials are our only
hope to combat the
hope to combat the f
Human trials are our only
hope to combat the fre
hope to combat the freez
Human trials are our only
hope to combat the freeze.
»>
»> O
hope to combat the freeze.
»> Our
»> Our s
hope to combat the freeze.
»> Our sol
»> Our soldi
hope to combat the freeze.
»> Our soldier
»> Our soldiers
hope to combat the freeze.
»> Our soldiers ar
»> Our soldiers are
hope to combat the freeze.
»> Our soldiers are no
»> Our soldiers are not
>» Our soldiers are not
la
lab
>» Our soldiers are not
lab ra
lab rats
>» Our soldiers are not
lab rats t
lab rats to
>» Our soldiers are not
lab rats to be
lab rats to be e
>» Our soldiers are not
lab rats to be exp
lab rats to be exper
>» Our soldiers are not
lab rats to be experim
lab rats to be experimen
>» Our soldiers are not
lab rats to be experimente
lab rats to be experimented.
»>
»> M
lab rats to be experimented.
»> My
»> My sq
lab rats to be experimented.
»> My squa
»> My squad
lab rats to be experimented.
»> My squad vo
»> My squad volu
lab rats to be experimented.
»> My squad volunt
»> My squad voluntee
lab rats to be experimented.
»> My squad volunteere
»> My squad volunteered
lab rats to be experimented.
»> My squad volunteered be
»> My squad volunteered befo
lab rats to be experimented.
»> My squad volunteered before
>» My squad volunteered before
th
they
>» My squad volunteered before
they w
they wer
>» My squad volunteered before
they were
they were ev
>» My squad volunteered before
they were even
they were even a
>» My squad volunteered before
they were even ask
they were even asked
>» My squad volunteered before
they were even asked t
they were even asked to.
»>
»> Y
they were even asked to.
»> You
»> You'r
they were even asked to.
»> You're
»> You're re
they were even asked to.
»> You're reli
»> You're reliev
they were even asked to.
»> You're relieved
>» You're relieved
of
of y
>» You're relieved
of you
of your
>» You're relieved
of your du
of your duti
>» You're relieved
of your duties
of your duties,
>» You're relieved
of your duties, Mi
of your duties, Mili
>» You're relieved
of your duties, Milius
of your duties, Milius.
Cl
Clea
of your duties, Milius.
Clear
Clear yo
of your duties, Milius.
Clear your
Clear your s
of your duties, Milius.
Clear your sta
Clear your stati
of your duties, Milius.
Clear your station
an
and
Clear your station
and re
and retu
Clear your station
and return
and return t
Clear your station
and return to
and return to qu
Clear your station
and return to quar
and return to quarte
Clear your station
and return to quarters
and return to quarters.
»>
»> A
and return to quarters.
»> Adm
»> Admir
and return to quarters.
»> Admiral
»> Admiral,
and return to quarters.
»> Admiral, we
»> Admiral, we'r
and return to quarters.
»> Admiral, we're
»> Admiral, we're th
and return to quarters.
»> Admiral, we're the
»> Admiral, we're the la
and return to quarters.
»> Admiral, we're the last
>» Admiral, we're the last
of
of o
>» Admiral, we're the last
of our
of our k
>» Admiral, we're the last
of our kin
of our kind-
»>
»> C
of our kind-
»> Cha
»> Chall
of our kind-
»> Challen
»> Challenge
of our kind-
»> Challenge m
»> Challenge my
of our kind-
»> Challenge my au
»> Challenge my auth
of our kind-
»> Challenge my author
»> Challenge my authorit
of our kind-
»> Challenge my authority
>» Challenge my authority
ag
agai
>» Challenge my authority
again
again an
>» Challenge my authority
again and
again and I
>» Challenge my authority
again and I wi
again and I will
>» Challenge my authority
again and I will h
again and I will hav
>» Challenge my authority
again and I will have
yo
you
again and I will have
you co
you cour
again and I will have
you court-
you court-ma
again and I will have
you court-mart
you court-martia
again and I will have
you court-martiale
you court-martialed.
»>
»> Y
you court-martialed.
»> You
»> You'r
you court-martialed.
»> You're
»> You're no
you court-martialed.
»> You're not
»> You're not ca
you court-martialed.
»> You're not capa
»> You're not capabl
you court-martialed.
»> You're not capable.
>» You're not capable.
Ma
Mayb
>» You're not capable.
Maybe
Maybe yo
>» You're not capable.
Maybe you
Maybe you sh
>» You're not capable.
Maybe you shou
Maybe you should
>» You're not capable.
Maybe you should d
Maybe you should dro
>» You're not capable.
Maybe you should drop
Maybe you should drop th
>» You're not capable.
Maybe you should drop the
Maybe you should drop the st
>» You're not capable.
Maybe you should drop the star
Maybe you should drop the stars,
le
let
Maybe you should drop the stars,
let so
let some
Maybe you should drop the stars,
let someon
let someone
Maybe you should drop the stars,
let someone el
let someone else
Maybe you should drop the stars,
let someone else l
let someone else lea
Maybe you should drop the stars,
let someone else lead.
»>
»> Y
let someone else lead.
»> You
»> You a
let someone else lead.
»> You are
»> You are d
let someone else lead.
»> You are dis
»> You are dismi
let someone else lead.
»> You are dismiss
»> You are dismissed
let someone else lead.
»> You are dismissed,
»> You are dismissed, Ca
let someone else lead.
»> You are dismissed, Capt
»> You are dismissed, Captai
let someone else lead.
»> You are dismissed, Captain.
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»>
»> M
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»> May
»> May I
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»> May I a
»> May I ask
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»> May I ask w
»> May I ask who
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»> May I ask who r
»> May I ask who rep
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»> May I ask who repor
»> May I ask who reporte
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»> May I ask who reported
»> May I ask who reported me
>» You are dismissed, Captain.
»> May I ask who reported me?
♪
Wh
What
What h
What hap
What happe
What happens
What happens w
What happens whe
What happens when
What happens when we
What happens when we l
What happens when we los
What happens when we lose
What happens when we lose fa
What happens when we lose fait
What happens when we lose faith
in
in e
What happens when we lose faith
in eac
in each
What happens when we lose faith
in each ot
in each othe
What happens when we lose faith
in each other,
in each other, b
What happens when we lose faith
in each other, bre
in each other, break
What happens when we lose faith
in each other, break p
in each other, break pro
What happens when we lose faith
in each other, break promi
in each other, break promise
What happens when we lose faith
in each other, break promises,
fa
fail
in each other, break promises,
fail t
fail to
in each other, break promises,
fail to do
fail to do o
in each other, break promises,
fail to do our
fail to do our d
in each other, break promises,
fail to do our dut
fail to do our duty?
(Indistinct whispering)
I
I no
I now
I now un
I now unde
I now unders
I now understa
I now understand
I now understand t
I now understand the
I now understand the m
I now understand the mos
I now understand the most
pa
pain
I now understand the most
painfu
painful
I now understand the most
painful be
painful betr
I now understand the most
painful betray
painful betrayal
I now understand the most
painful betrayal i
painful betrayal is
I now understand the most
painful betrayal is th
painful betrayal is the
I now understand the most
painful betrayal is the on
painful betrayal is the one
yo
you
painful betrayal is the one
you do
you don'
painful betrayal is the one
you don't
you don't se
painful betrayal is the one
you don't see
you don't see co
painful betrayal is the one
you don't see comi
you don't see coming
painful betrayal is the one
you don't see coming.
»>
»> Y
you don't see coming.
»> You
»> You h
you don't see coming.
»> You hav
»> You have
you don't see coming.
»> You have to
»> You have to b
you don't see coming.
»> You have to be
»> You have to be di
you don't see coming.
»> You have to be disc
»> You have to be discre
you don't see coming.
»> You have to be discreet
»> You have to be discreet.
>» You have to be discreet.
(A
(Ala
>» You have to be discreet.
(Alarm
(Alarm w
>» You have to be discreet.
(Alarm wai
(Alarm waili
>» You have to be discreet.
(Alarm wailing
(Alarm wailing)
(S
(Scr
(Alarm wailing)
(Screa
(Screami
(Alarm wailing)
(Screaming
(Screaming)
(C
(Cho
(Choki
(Choking
(Choking,
(Choking, ga
(Choking, gasp
(Choking, gaspin
(Choking, gasping)
♪
>» Nima: Captain Milius?
>»
>» M
>» Mil
>» Miliu
>» Milius:
>» Milius: N
>» Milius: Nim
>» Milius: Nima,
>» Milius: Nima, w
>» Milius: Nima, whe
>» Milius: Nima, where
>» Milius: Nima, where a
>» Milius: Nima, where are
>» Milius: Nima, where are t
>» Milius: Nima, where are the
>» Milius: Nima, where are they?
»>
»> N
>» Milius: Nima, where are they?
»> Nim
»> Nima:
>» Milius: Nima, where are they?
»> Nima: I
»> Nima: In
>» Milius: Nima, where are they?
»> Nima: In th
»> Nima: In the
>» Milius: Nima, where are they?
»> Nima: In the ba
»> Nima: In the back
>» Milius: Nima, where are they?
»> Nima: In the back.
♪
(C
(Cou
(Cough
(Coughin
(Coughing)
»>
»> M
(Coughing)
»> Mil
»> Miliu
(Coughing)
»> Milius:
»> Milius: T
(Coughing)
»> Milius: Tha
»> Milius: Thank
(Coughing)
»> Milius: Thank y
»> Milius: Thank you
>» Milius: Thank you
fo
for
>» Milius: Thank you
for yo
for your
>» Milius: Thank you
for your s
for your ser
>» Milius: Thank you
for your servi
for your service
>» Milius: Thank you
for your service.
♪
(Deep exhale)
Wh
When
When t
When the
When the m
When the mis
When the missi
When the mission
is
is s
When the mission
is sav
is savin
When the mission
is saving
is saving hu
When the mission
is saving huma
is saving humani
When the mission
is saving humanity
is saving humanity..
When the mission
is saving humanity...
♪
no price is too great.
No
Not
Not ev
Not even
Not even t
Not even the
Not even the c
Not even the cos
Not even the cost
Not even the cost of
Not even the cost of c
Not even the cost of cap
Not even the cost of captu
Not even the cost of capturi
Not even the cost of capturing
th
the
Not even the cost of capturing
the le
the lege
Not even the cost of capturing
the legend
the legendar
Not even the cost of capturing
the legendary
the legendary Sn
Not even the cost of capturing
the legendary Snow
the legendary Snowpi
Not even the cost of capturing
the legendary Snowpier
the legendary Snowpierce
Not even the cost of capturing
the legendary Snowpiercer.
the legendary Snowpiercer...
♪
879 cars long.
(Dramatic theme music)
♪
(Engine revving)
(B
(Bee
(Beepi
(Beeping
(Beeping)
>»
>» T
>» Tel
>» Tell
>» Tell th
>» Tell the
>» Tell the Ad
>» Tell the Admi
>» Tell the Admira
>» Tell the Admiral
I
I ne
I need
I need a
I need a w
I need a wor
I need a word.
♪
>»
>» M
>» Mil
>» Miliu
>» Milius:
>» Milius: T
>» Milius: The
>» Milius: The C
>» Milius: The CW-
>» Milius: The CW-7'
>» Milius: The CW-7's
>» Milius: The CW-7's co
>» Milius: The CW-7's comi
>» Milius: The CW-7's coming
do
down
down,
down, ho
down, how
down, how mu
down, how much
down, how much m
down, how much mor
down, how much more
da
data
data d
data do
data do yo
data do you
data do you ne
data do you need
data do you need?
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's no
>» It's not
>» It's not ab
>» It's not abou
>» It's not about
>» It's not about th
>» It's not about the
>» It's not about the CW
>» It's not about the CW-7
>» It's not about the CW-7.
It
It's
It's a
It's abo
It's about
It's about G
It's about Gem
It's about Gemin
It's about Gemini
an
and
and wh
and what
and what i
and what it'
and what it's
and what it's do
and what it's doin
and what it's doing
and what it's doing to
th
the
the at
the atmo
the atmosp
the atmosphe
the atmosphere
the atmosphere a
the atmosphere and
the atmosphere and t
the atmosphere and to
the atmosphere and to us
the atmosphere and to us.
>»
>» N
>» Nim
>» Nima'
>» Nima's
>» Nima's on
>» Nima's on t
>» Nima's on top
>» Nima's on top o
>» Nima's on top of
>» Nima's on top of al
>» Nima's on top of all
>» Nima's on top of all th
>» Nima's on top of all that
>» Nima's on top of all that.
He
He w
He wou
He would
He wouldn'
He wouldn't
He wouldn't la
He wouldn't laun
He wouldn't launch
if
if i
if it
if it wa
if it wasn
if it wasn't
if it wasn't s
if it wasn't saf
if it wasn't safe.
>»
>» O
>» Oka
>» Okay,
>» Okay, w
>» Okay, wel
>» Okay, well,
>» Okay, well, w
>» Okay, well, we
>» Okay, well, we ju
>» Okay, well, we just
ne
need
need t
need to
need to ru
need to run
need to run th
need to run thes
need to run these
need to run these ne
need to run these new
nu
numb
number
numbers
numbers an
numbers and
numbers and ma
numbers and make
numbers and make s
numbers and make sur
numbers and make sure.
>»
>» T
>» The
>» Then
>» Then do
>» Then do t
>» Then do tha
>» Then do that.
(B
(Bee
(Beepi
(Beeping
(Beeping)
>»
>» A
>» Adm
>» Admir
>» Admiral
>» Admiral.
Do
Do y
Do you
Do you h
Do you hav
Do you have
Do you have an
Do you have an E
Do you have an ETA
on
on S
on Sno
on Snowp
on Snowpie
on Snowpierc
on Snowpiercer
on Snowpiercer?
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You'r
>» You're
>» You're in
>» You're in l
>» You're in luc
>» You're in luck.
Ju
Just
Just a
Just a c
Just a cou
Just a coupl
Just a couple
Just a couple ho
Just a couple hour
Just a couple hours
Just a couple hours ou
Just a couple hours out.
>»
>» G
>» Gre
>» Great
>» Great.
Wh
When
When i
When it
When it ar
When it arri
When it arrive
When it arrives,
When it arrives, I
When it arrives, I'm
When it arrives, I'm g
When it arrives, I'm goi
When it arrives, I'm going
to
to b
to boa
to board
to board t
to board to
to board to se
to board to see
to board to see Be
to board to see Ben.
>»
>» I
>» I u
>» I und
>» I under
>» I underst
>» I understan
>» I understand
>» I understand yo
>» I understand you'
>» I understand you're
>» I understand you're f
>» I understand you're fee
>» I understand you're feeli
>» I understand you're feeling
a
a li
a litt
a little
a little h
a little hom
a little homes
a little homesic
a little homesick,
bu
but
but Ni
but Nima
but Nima n
but Nima nee
but Nima needs
but Nima needs t
but Nima needs tha
but Nima needs that
but Nima needs that da
but Nima needs that data
but Nima needs that data,
th
the
the wi
the wind
the window
the window's
the window's v
the window's ver
the window's very
the window's very ti
the window's very tigh
the window's very tight.
>»
>» W
>» Wel
>» Well,
>» Well, f
>» Well, fai
>» Well, fair
>» Well, fair wa
>» Well, fair warn
>» Well, fair warnin
>» Well, fair warning,
>» Well, fair warning, A
>» Well, fair warning, Adm
>» Well, fair warning, Admir
>» Well, fair warning, Admiral
>» Well, fair warning, Admiral,
I'
I'd
I'd be
I'd be p
I'd be pre
I'd be prepa
I'd be prepare
I'd be prepared
to
to d
to del
to delay
to delay t
to delay the
to delay the l
to delay the lau
to delay the launc
to delay the launch.
>»
>» F
>» For
>» For h
>» For how
>» For how l
>» For how lon
>» For how long?
>»
>» L
>» Let
>» Let m
>» Let me
>» Let me ru
>» Let me run
>» Let me run th
>» Let me run thes
>» Let me run these
nu
numb
number
numbers
numbers an
numbers and
numbers and we
numbers and we'l
numbers and we'll
numbers and we'll se
numbers and we'll see.
I'
I'll
I'll b
I'll be
I'll be do
I'll be down
I'll be down i
I'll be down in
I'll be down in th
I'll be down in the
I'll be down in the la
I'll be down in the lab.
(B
(Bee
(Beepi
(Beeping
(Beeping)
♪
>»
>» W
>» Why
>» Why a
>» Why are
>» Why are w
>» Why are we
>» Why are we wa
>» Why are we wast
>» Why are we wastin
>» Why are we wasting
ti
time
time t
time try
time tryin
time trying
time trying to
time trying to r
time trying to rep
time trying to repai
time trying to repair
an
an e
an ele
an eleva
an elevato
an elevator
an elevator wh
an elevator when
an elevator when A
an elevator when Ale
an elevator when Alex
gi
gift
gifted
gifted u
gifted us
gifted us th
gifted us this
gifted us this w
gifted us this wri
gifted us this wrist
gifted us this wristba
gifted us this wristband
gifted us this wristband?
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» That
>» That tr
>» That trin
>» That trinke
>» That trinket'
>» That trinket's
>» That trinket's ab
>» That trinket's abou
>» That trinket's about
as
as u
as use
as usefu
as useful
as useful as
as useful as a
as useful as a h
as useful as a hol
as useful as a hollo
as useful as a hollow
as useful as a hollow sp
as useful as a hollow spoo
as useful as a hollow spoon.
Th
They
They d
They dea
They deact
They deactiv
They deactivat
They deactivated
They deactivated i
They deactivated it
They deactivated it th
They deactivated it the
They deactivated it the mo
They deactivated it the mome
They deactivated it the moment
th
they
they k
they kne
they knew
they knew it
they knew it w
they knew it was
they knew it was s
they knew it was sto
they knew it was stole
they knew it was stolen.
Yo
You
You sh
You shou
You should
You shouldn'
You shouldn't
You shouldn't ha
You shouldn't have
You shouldn't have c
You shouldn't have com
You shouldn't have come.
>»
>» A
>» Are
>» Are y
>» Are you
>» Are you k
>» Are you kid
>» Are you kiddi
>» Are you kidding
>» Are you kidding?
Af
Afte
After
After yo
After your
After your c
After your cry
After your crypt
After your cryptic
After your cryptic t
After your cryptic tha
After your cryptic thank
After your cryptic thank y
After your cryptic thank you
on
on t
on the
on the j
on the jet
on the jetwa
on the jetway
on the jetway it
on the jetway it w
on the jetway it was
on the jetway it was l
on the jetway it was lik
on the jetway it was like
yo
you
you we
you were
you were b
you were beg
you were beggi
you were begging
you were begging t
you were begging to
you were begging to be
you were begging to be s
you were begging to be sav
you were begging to be saved
you were begging to be saved.
>»
>» (
>» (Ch
>» (Chuc
>» (Chuckl
>» (Chucklin
>» (Chuckling)
>» (Chuckling) I
>» (Chuckling) I'v
>» (Chuckling) I've
>» (Chuckling) I've ne
>» (Chuckling) I've neve
>» (Chuckling) I've never
be
begg
begged
begged f
begged for
begged for a
begged for any
begged for anyth
begged for anythin
begged for anything
begged for anything in
begged for anything in m
begged for anything in my
begged for anything in my li
begged for anything in my life
begged for anything in my life.
Pe
Peop
People
People b
People beg
People beg m
People beg me.
Yo
You
You kn
You know
You know t
You know tha
You know that.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» That'
>» That's
>» That's ta
>» That's tact
>» That's tactic
>» That's tactical
re
repe
repell
repellin
repelling
repelling ro
repelling rope
repelling rope.
Mi
Mili
Milius
Milius'
Milius' me
Milius' men
Milius' men ar
Milius' men are
on
on t
on the
on their
on their w
on their way
on their way d
on their way dow
on their way down.
Th
The
The st
The stai
The stairw
The stairwel
The stairwell
The stairwell do
The stairwell door
The stairwell doors
ar
are
are we
are weld
are welded
are welded s
are welded shu
are welded shut.
Th
The
The el
The elev
The elevat
The elevator
The elevator i
The elevator is
ou
our
our on
our only
our only w
our only way
our only way o
our only way out
our only way out.
>»
>» Y
>» Yea
>» Yeah,
>» Yeah, b
>» Yeah, but
>» Yeah, but i
>» Yeah, but it'
>» Yeah, but it's
>» Yeah, but it's al
>» Yeah, but it's also
th
thei
their
their on
their only
their only w
their only way
their only way i
their only way in
so
so w
so we
so we co
so we cont
so we contro
so we control
so we control th
so we control the
so we control the do
so we control the door
so we control the doors
we
we c
we can
we can p
we can pic
we can pick
we can pick '
we can pick '´
we can pick 'em
we can pick 'em o
we can pick 'em off
on
one
one at
one at a
one at a t
one at a tim
one at a time
one at a time li
one at a time like
fi
fish
fish i
fish in
fish in a
fish in a ba
fish in a barr
fish in a barrel
fish in a barrel.
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You h
>» You hol
>» You hold
>» You hold '
>» You hold '´
>» You hold 'em
>» You hold 'em o
>» You hold 'em off
>» You hold 'em off.
Al
Alex
Alex.
>»
>» W
>» Wai
>» Wait.
Wh
What
What,
What, wh
What, wher
What, where
What, where ar
What, where are
What, where are yo
What, where are you
What, where are you go
What, where are you goin
What, where are you going?
♪
>»
>» W
>» Whe
>» When
>» When Me
>» When Mela
>» When Melani
>» When Melanie
>» When Melanie le
>» When Melanie lear
>» When Melanie learns
th
that
that A
that Ale
that Alex
that Alex is
that Alex is t
that Alex is tra
that Alex is trapp
that Alex is trapped
on
on t
on the
on the t
on the thi
on the third
on the third f
on the third flo
on the third floor
on the third floor o
on the third floor of-
on the third floor of--
it
it'l
it'll,
it'll, i
it'll, it'
it'll, it'll
it'll, it'll p
it'll, it'll put
it'll, it'll put t
it'll, it'll put the
it'll, it'll put the w
it'll, it'll put the who
it'll, it'll put the whole
pr
proj
projec
project
project in
project in j
project in jeo
project in jeopa
project in jeopard
project in jeopardy.
>»
>» A
>» Avo
>» Avoid
>» Avoid c
>» Avoid con
>» Avoid conta
>» Avoid contact
>» Avoid contact w
>» Avoid contact wit
>» Avoid contact with
>» Avoid contact with he
>» Avoid contact with her,
an
and
and yo
and you
and you wo
and you won'
and you won't
and you won't ha
and you won't have
and you won't have t
and you won't have tha
and you won't have that
and you won't have that pr
and you won't have that prob
and you won't have that proble
and you won't have that problem.
>»
>» A
>» And
>» And w
>» And wit
>» And with
>» And with La
>» And with Layt
>» And with Layton
an
and
and hi
and his
and his fa
and his fami
and his family
sc
scat
scatte
scattere
scattered
scattered ar
scattered arou
scattered around
scattered around t
scattered around the
scattered around the s
scattered around the sil
scattered around the silo,
wh
what
what,
what, wh
what, what
what, what d
what, what do
what, what do I
what, what do I sa
what, what do I say
what, what do I say to
what, what do I say to t
what, what do I say to tha
what, what do I say to that?
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You l
>» You lie
>» You lie.
Yo
You
You sa
You say
You say ho
You say how
You say how gr
You say how grat
You say how gratef
You say how grateful
You say how grateful y
You say how grateful you
You say how grateful you a
You say how grateful you are
You say how grateful you are.
Sh
She'
She's
She's re
She's retr
She's retrie
She's retrieve
She's retrieved
She's retrieved th
She's retrieved the
She's retrieved the at
She's retrieved the atmo
She's retrieved the atmosp
She's retrieved the atmosphe
She's retrieved the atmospheri
She's retrieved the atmospheric
da
data
data y
data you
data you n
data you nee
data you neede
data you needed
data you needed to
data you needed to f
data you needed to fin
data you needed to finis
data you needed to finish
yo
your
your c
your com
your compo
your compoun
your compound.
(F
(Foo
(Foots
(Footste
(Footsteps
(Footsteps p
(Footsteps pas
(Footsteps passi
(Footsteps passing
(Footsteps passing b
(Footsteps passing by)
Li
Litt
Little
Little w
Little whi
Little white
Little white l
Little white lie
Little white lies.
Th
That
That's
That's a
That's all
That's all t
That's all the
That's all they
That's all they ar
That's all they are.
To
Told
Told w
Told wel
Told well.
Told well...
th
they
they'l
they'll
they'll sa
they'll save
they'll save y
they'll save you
they'll save your
they'll save your li
they'll save your life
they'll save your life.
Un
Unde
Unders
Understo
Understood
Understood?
♪
>»
>» N
>» Now
>» Now,
>» Now, op
>» Now, open
>» Now, open t
>» Now, open the
>» Now, open the a
>» Now, open the amp
>» Now, open the ampli
>» Now, open the amplifi
>» Now, open the amplifier
an
and
and gi
and give
and give m
and give me
and give me a
and give me a ha
and give me a hand
and give me a hand.
Yo
You
You se
You see,
You see, e
You see, eac
You see, each
You see, each fl
You see, each floo
You see, each floor
You see, each floor is
You see, each floor is i
You see, each floor is ide
You see, each floor is ident
You see, each floor is identic
You see, each floor is identical
in
in c
in con
in const
in constru
in construct
in constructio
in construction
in construction ex
in construction exce
in construction except
in construction except f
in construction except for
th
the
the st
the stai
the stairc
the staircas
the staircases
the staircases a
the staircases and
the staircases and e
the staircases and ele
the staircases and eleva
the staircases and elevato
the staircases and elevators
the staircases and elevators.
Bu
But
But th
But the
But the ai
But the air
But the air sh
But the air shaf
But the air shafts
But the air shafts--
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You'r
>» You're
>» You're sa
>» You're sayi
>» You're saying
>» You're saying y
>» You're saying you
>» You're saying you'r
>» You're saying you're
>» You're saying you're lo
>» You're saying you're look
>» You're saying you're lookin
>» You're saying you're looking
fo
for
for di
for diff
for differ
for differen
for different
for different es
for different esca
for different escape
for different escape r
for different escape rou
for different escape route
for different escape routes?
>»
>» W
>» Wel
>» Well,
>» Well, y
>» Well, you
>» Well, you'r
>» Well, you're
>» Well, you're th
>» Well, you're the
>» Well, you're the on
>» Well, you're the only
on
one
one sm
one smal
one small
one small en
one small enou
one small enough
to
to n
to nav
to navig
to navigat
to navigate
to navigate th
to navigate the
to navigate the ve
to navigate the vent
to navigate the vents.
Sh
Shou
Should
Should t
Should tak
Should take
Should take yo
Should take you
Should take you to
Should take you to t
Should take you to the
Should take you to the s
Should take you to the sou
Should take you to the south
st
stai
stairw
stairwel
stairwell
stairwell an
stairwell and
stairwell and on
stairwell and onto
stairwell and onto t
stairwell and onto the
stairwell and onto the t
stairwell and onto the tra
stairwell and onto the train
stairwell and onto the train.
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You'l
>» You'll
>» You'll ne
>» You'll need
>» You'll need t
>» You'll need thi
>» You'll need this
to
to c
to con
to conne
to connect
to connect t
to connect the
to connect the s
to connect the spe
to connect the speak
to connect the speaker
to
to t
to the
to the c
to the cir
to the circu
to the circuit
to the circuit b
to the circuit boa
to the circuit board
to the circuit board.
>»
>» U
>» Uh-
>» Uh-hu
>» Uh-huh.
>»
>» A
>» Als
>» Also,
>» Also, I
>» Also, I'm
>» Also, I'm n
>» Also, I'm not
>» Also, I'm not l
>» Also, I'm not lea
>» Also, I'm not leavi
>» Also, I'm not leaving
>» Also, I'm not leaving.
>»
>» O
>» Of
>» Of co
>» Of cour
>» Of course
>» Of course n
>» Of course not
>» Of course not.
Wh
Why
Why sh
Why shou
Why should
Why should y
Why should you
Why should you t
Why should you try
to
to s
to spa
to spare
to spare y
to spare you
to spare your
to spare your ow
to spare your own
to spare your own li
to spare your own life
to spare your own life?
(S
(Sco
(Scoff
(Scoffs)
♪
(Keys clicking)
>» Man: Alright, I'm down here.
Lo
Look
Looks
Looks li
Looks like
Looks like t
Looks like the
Looks like they
Looks like they bu
Looks like they bust
Looks like they busted
th
the
the (U
the (Unc
the (Uncle
the (Unclear
the (Unclear).
(T
(Thu
the (Unclear).
(Thuds
(Thuds)
»>
»> W
(Thuds)
»> Wha
»> What
(Thuds)
»> What th
»> What the
(Thuds)
»> What the he
»> What the hell
(Thuds)
»> What the hell?
>» What the hell?
(F
(Fig
>» What the hell?
(Fight
(Fight d
>» What the hell?
(Fight din
(Fight din)
♪
(G
(Gun
♪
(Gun c
(Gun cli
♪
(Gun click
(Gun clickin
♪
(Gun clicking)
(I
(Ind
(Gun clicking)
(Indis
(Indisti
(Gun clicking)
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
(Gun clicking)
(Indistinct sh
(Indistinct shou
(Gun clicking)
(Indistinct shouti
(Indistinct shouting
(Gun clicking)
(Indistinct shouting)
»>
»> M
(Indistinct shouting)
»> Man
»> Man 2
(Indistinct shouting)
»> Man 2:
»> Man 2: (U
(Indistinct shouting)
»> Man 2: (Unc
»> Man 2: (Uncle
(Indistinct shouting)
»> Man 2: (Unclear
»> Man 2: (Unclear)!
♪
>»
>» P
>» Pai
>» Pains
>» Pains i
>» Pains in
>» Pains in th
>» Pains in the
>» Pains in the as
>» Pains in the ass,
ar
aren
>» Pains in the ass,
aren't
aren't t
>» Pains in the ass,
aren't the
aren't they?
♪
(B
(Bac
(Backg
(Backgro
(Backgroun
(Background
(Background di
(Background din)
»>
»> T
(Background din)
»> Thi
»> This
(Background din)
»> This is
»> This is t
(Background din)
»> This is the
»> This is the b
(Background din)
»> This is the bom
»> This is the bomb
(Background din)
»> This is the bomb I
»> This is the bomb I fo
(Background din)
»> This is the bomb I foun
»> This is the bomb I found
>» This is the bomb I found
at
at W
>» This is the bomb I found
at Whi
at Whigg
>» This is the bomb I found
at Whiggin
at Whiggins'
>» This is the bomb I found
at Whiggins' C
at Whiggins' Cam
>» This is the bomb I found
at Whiggins' Camp.
An
And
at Whiggins' Camp.
And th
And then
at Whiggins' Camp.
And then,
And then, fr
at Whiggins' Camp.
And then, from
And then, from t
at Whiggins' Camp.
And then, from the
And then, from there
we
we f
And then, from there
we fou
we found
And then, from there
we found a
we found all
And then, from there
we found all o
we found all of
And then, from there
we found all of th
we found all of thes
And then, from there
we found all of these.
»>
»> T
we found all of these.
»> The
»> They'
we found all of these.
»> They're
»> They're c
we found all of these.
»> They're con
»> They're conne
we found all of these.
»> They're connect
»> They're connected
>» They're connected
in
in a
>» They're connected
in a c
in a cha
>» They're connected
in a chain
in a chain w
>» They're connected
in a chain wit
in a chain with
>» They're connected
in a chain with a
in a chain with a re
>» They're connected
in a chain with a rece
in a chain with a receiv
>» They're connected
in a chain with a receiver
at
atta
in a chain with a receiver
attach
attached
in a chain with a receiver
attached a
attached at
in a chain with a receiver
attached at on
attached at one
in a chain with a receiver
attached at one en
attached at one end.
»>
»> P
attached at one end.
»> Peo
»> Peopl
attached at one end.
»> People
»> People fi
attached at one end.
»> People find
»> People find o
attached at one end.
»> People find out
»> People find out a
attached at one end.
»> People find out abo
»> People find out about
attached at one end.
»> People find out about t
»> People find out about thi
attached at one end.
»> People find out about this,
>» People find out about this,
th
ther
>» People find out about this,
there'
there's
>» People find out about this,
there's go
there's gonn
>» People find out about this,
there's gonna
there's gonna be
>» People find out about this,
there's gonna be p
there's gonna be pan
>» People find out about this,
there's gonna be panic
there's gonna be panic i
>» People find out about this,
there's gonna be panic in
there's gonna be panic in to
>» People find out about this,
there's gonna be panic in town
there's gonna be panic in town.
»>
»> T
there's gonna be panic in town.
»> Too
»> Too l
there's gonna be panic in town.
»> Too lat
»> Too late.
>» Too late.
It
It's
>» Too late.
It's a
It's alr
>» Too late.
It's alrea
It's already
>» Too late.
It's already h
It's already hap
>» Too late.
It's already happe
It's already happeni
>» Too late.
It's already happening
It's already happening.
»>
»> Y
It's already happening.
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
Wi
With
>» Yeah.
With a
With all
>» Yeah.
With all t
With all the
>» Yeah.
With all the A
With all the Ag-
>» Yeah.
With all the Ag-Se
With all the Ag-Sec
>» Yeah.
With all the Ag-Sec ca
With all the Ag-Sec cars
>» Yeah.
With all the Ag-Sec cars g
With all the Ag-Sec cars goi
>» Yeah.
With all the Ag-Sec cars going
do
down
With all the Ag-Sec cars going
down a
down and
With all the Ag-Sec cars going
down and a
down and all
With all the Ag-Sec cars going
down and all t
down and all the
With all the Ag-Sec cars going
down and all these
down and all these c
With all the Ag-Sec cars going
down and all these con
down and all these const
With all the Ag-Sec cars going
down and all these constan
down and all these constant
bl
blac
down and all these constant
blacko
blackout
down and all these constant
blackouts,
blackouts, e
down and all these constant
blackouts, eve
blackouts, every
down and all these constant
blackouts, everyon
blackouts, everyone'
down and all these constant
blackouts, everyone's
blackouts, everyone's ju
down and all these constant
blackouts, everyone's just
co
cold
blackouts, everyone's just
cold a
cold and
blackouts, everyone's just
cold and t
cold and tir
blackouts, everyone's just
cold and tired
cold and tired a
blackouts, everyone's just
cold and tired and
cold and tired and h
blackouts, everyone's just
cold and tired and hun
cold and tired and hungr
blackouts, everyone's just
cold and tired and hungry.
»>
»> T
cold and tired and hungry.
»> The
»> There
cold and tired and hungry.
»> There's
»> There's g
cold and tired and hungry.
»> There's got
»> There's gotta
cold and tired and hungry.
»> There's gotta b
»> There's gotta be
cold and tired and hungry.
»> There's gotta be a
»> There's gotta be a wa
cold and tired and hungry.
»> There's gotta be a way
>» There's gotta be a way
to
to d
>» There's gotta be a way
to dis
to disar
>» There's gotta be a way
to disarm
to disarm th
>» There's gotta be a way
to disarm the
to disarm the bo
>» There's gotta be a way
to disarm the bomb
to disarm the bombs
>» There's gotta be a way
to disarm the bombs th
to disarm the bombs thou
>» There's gotta be a way
to disarm the bombs though
to disarm the bombs though.
»>
»> W
to disarm the bombs though.
»> Wel
»> Well,
to disarm the bombs though.
»> Well, w
»> Well, we
to disarm the bombs though.
»> Well, we kn
»> Well, we know
to disarm the bombs though.
»> Well, we know t
»> Well, we know the
to disarm the bombs though.
»> Well, we know they'
»> Well, we know they're
>» Well, we know they're
tr
trig
>» Well, we know they're
trigge
triggere
>» Well, we know they're
triggered
triggered by
>» Well, we know they're
triggered by a
triggered by a s
>» Well, we know they're
triggered by a sig
triggered by a signa
>» Well, we know they're
triggered by a signal,
wh
whic
triggered by a signal,
which
which do
triggered by a signal,
which does
which doesn'
triggered by a signal,
which doesn't
which doesn't he
triggered by a signal,
which doesn't help
which doesn't help u
triggered by a signal,
which doesn't help us.
So
Some
which doesn't help us.
Someth
Somethin
which doesn't help us.
Something
Something as
which doesn't help us.
Something as b
Something as bas
which doesn't help us.
Something as basic
Something as basic a
which doesn't help us.
Something as basic as
Something as basic as a
which doesn't help us.
Something as basic as a ca
Something as basic as a car
which doesn't help us.
Something as basic as a car ke
Something as basic as a car key
fo
fob
Something as basic as a car key
fob co
fob coul
Something as basic as a car key
fob could
fob could se
Something as basic as a car key
fob could set
fob could set th
Something as basic as a car key
fob could set the
fob could set the ch
Something as basic as a car key
fob could set the chai
fob could set the chain
Something as basic as a car key
fob could set the chain of
fob could set the chain off,
or
or r
fob could set the chain off,
or rea
or reall
fob could set the chain off,
or really
or really an
fob could set the chain off,
or really any
or really any de
fob could set the chain off,
or really any devi
or really any device
wi
with
or really any device
with a
with a r
or really any device
with a rad
with a radio
or really any device
with a radio f
with a radio fre
or really any device
with a radio frequ
with a radio frequen
or really any device
with a radio frequency
with a radio frequency.
(R
(Rad
with a radio frequency.
(Radio
(Radio c
with a radio frequency.
(Radio cac
(Radio cackl
with a radio frequency.
(Radio cacklin
(Radio cackling)
»>
»> T
(Radio cackling)
»> Til
»> Till:
(Radio cackling)
»> Till: (
»> Till: (On
(Radio cackling)
»> Till: (On r
»> Till: (On rad
(Radio cackling)
»> Till: (On radio
»> Till: (On radio)
(Radio cackling)
»> Till: (On radio) Ne
»> Till: (On radio) New
(Radio cackling)
»> Till: (On radio) New Ed
»> Till: (On radio) New Eden
(Radio cackling)
»> Till: (On radio) New Eden,
>» Till: (On radio) New Eden,
ar
are
>» Till: (On radio) New Eden,
are yo
are you
>» Till: (On radio) New Eden,
are you th
are you ther
>» Till: (On radio) New Eden,
are you there?
Th
This
are you there?
This i
This is
are you there?
This is Bi
This is Big
are you there?
This is Big Al
This is Big Alic
are you there?
This is Big Alice.
Ov
Over
This is Big Alice.
Over.
»>
»> I
Over.
»> Is
»> Is th
Over.
»> Is that
»> Is that T
Over.
»> Is that Til
»> Is that Till?
>» Is that Till?
»>
»> T
>» Is that Till?
»> Thi
»> This
>» Is that Till?
»> This is
»> This is J
>» Is that Till?
»> This is Jav
»> This is Javi
>» Is that Till?
»> This is Javi in
»> This is Javi in N
>» Is that Till?
»> This is Javi in New
»> This is Javi in New E
>» Is that Till?
»> This is Javi in New Ede
»> This is Javi in New Eden.
>» This is Javi in New Eden.
Ov
Over
>» This is Javi in New Eden.
Over!
»>
»> E
Over!
»> Eng
»> Engin
Over!
»> Enginee
»> Engineer
Over!
»> Engineer Be
»> Engineer Bess
Over!
»> Engineer Bess T
»> Engineer Bess Til
Over!
»> Engineer Bess Till
»> Engineer Bess Till he
Over!
»> Engineer Bess Till here
»> Engineer Bess Till here.
♪
I'
I'm
I'm he
I'm here
I'm here w
I'm here wit
I'm here with
I'm here with co
I'm here with co-p
I'm here with co-pil
I'm here with co-pilot
I'm here with co-pilot W
I'm here with co-pilot War
I'm here with co-pilot Warde
I'm here with co-pilot Wardell
I'm here with co-pilot Wardell.
(C
(Chu
I'm here with co-pilot Wardell.
(Chuck
(Chuckli
I'm here with co-pilot Wardell.
(Chuckling
(Chuckling)
»>
»> W
(Chuckling)
»> Wha
»> What'
(Chuckling)
»> What's
»> What's yo
(Chuckling)
»> What's your
»> What's your p
(Chuckling)
»> What's your pos
»> What's your posit
(Chuckling)
»> What's your positio
»> What's your position?
♪
>»
>» W
>» We
>» We sh
>» We shou
>» We should
>» We should b
>» We should be
>» We should be co
>» We should be comi
>» We should be coming
>» We should be coming u
>» We should be coming up
>» We should be coming up on
th
the
>» We should be coming up on
the br
the brid
>» We should be coming up on
the bridge
the bridge a
>» We should be coming up on
the bridge any
the bridge any m
>» We should be coming up on
the bridge any min
the bridge any minut
>» We should be coming up on
the bridge any minute
the bridge any minute no
>» We should be coming up on
the bridge any minute now.
»>
»> N
the bridge any minute now.
»> No,
»> No, n
the bridge any minute now.
»> No, no!
>» No, no!
Ja
Javi
>» No, no!
Javi,
Javi, wa
>» No, no!
Javi, wait
Javi, wait!
»>
»> W
Javi, wait!
»> We'
»> We'll
Javi, wait!
»> We'll t
»> We'll tel
Javi, wait!
»> We'll tell
»> We'll tell th
Javi, wait!
»> We'll tell them
»> We'll tell them a
Javi, wait!
»> We'll tell them all
»> We'll tell them all a
Javi, wait!
»> We'll tell them all abo
»> We'll tell them all about
>» We'll tell them all about
th
that
>» We'll tell them all about
that w
that whe
>» We'll tell them all about
that when
that when th
>» We'll tell them all about
that when they
that when they g
>» We'll tell them all about
that when they get
that when they get h
>» We'll tell them all about
that when they get her
that when they get here.
»>
»> W
that when they get here.
»> We
»> We ha
that when they get here.
»> We have
»> We haven'
that when they get here.
»> We haven't
»> We haven't sw
that when they get here.
»> We haven't swep
»> We haven't swept
that when they get here.
»> We haven't swept th
»> We haven't swept the
that when they get here.
»> We haven't swept the tr
»> We haven't swept the trac
that when they get here.
»> We haven't swept the tracks
>» We haven't swept the tracks
ye
yet
>» We haven't swept the tracks
yet or
yet or t
>» We haven't swept the tracks
yet or the
yet or the b
>» We haven't swept the tracks
yet or the bri
yet or the bridg
>» We haven't swept the tracks
yet or the bridge.
♪
>»
>» R
>» Rut
>» Ruth,
>» Ruth, d
>» Ruth, do
>» Ruth, do no
>» Ruth, do not
>» Ruth, do not co
>» Ruth, do not come
>» Ruth, do not come a
>» Ruth, do not come any
>» Ruth, do not come any c
>» Ruth, do not come any clo
>» Ruth, do not come any close
>» Ruth, do not come any closer.
»>
»> W
>» Ruth, do not come any closer.
»> Wha
»> What?
>» What?
»>
»> J
>» What?
»> Jav
»> Javi:
>» What?
»> Javi: (
»> Javi: (On
>» What?
»> Javi: (On r
»> Javi: (On rad
>» What?
»> Javi: (On radio
»> Javi: (On radio)
>» Javi: (On radio)
Hi
Hit
>» Javi: (On radio)
Hit th
Hit the
>» Javi: (On radio)
Hit the br
Hit the brak
>» Javi: (On radio)
Hit the brakes
Hit the brakes n
>» Javi: (On radio)
Hit the brakes now
Hit the brakes now.
»>
»> D
Hit the brakes now.
»> Do
»> Do it
Hit the brakes now.
»> Do it.
♪
(Grunting)
Al
Alri
Alrigh
Alright,
Alright, w
Alright, we'
Alright, we've
Alright, we've s
Alright, we've sto
Alright, we've stopp
Alright, we've stopped
Alright, we've stopped.
Wh
What
Alright, we've stopped.
What's
What's t
Alright, we've stopped.
What's the
What's the p
Alright, we've stopped.
What's the pro
What's the probl
Alright, we've stopped.
What's the problem
What's the problem?
Ju
Just
What's the problem?
Just s
Just spi
What's the problem?
Just spit
Just spit it
What's the problem?
Just spit it o
Just spit it out
What's the problem?
Just spit it out.
♪
»>
»> J
♪
»> Jav
»> Javi:
♪
»> Javi: Th
»> Javi: The
♪
»> Javi: The hi
»> Javi: The hill
♪
»> Javi: The hills
»> Javi: The hills ab
♪
»> Javi: The hills abov
»> Javi: The hills above
>» Javi: The hills above
Ne
New
>» Javi: The hills above
New Ed
New Eden
>» Javi: The hills above
New Eden a
New Eden are
>» Javi: The hills above
New Eden are r
New Eden are rig
>» Javi: The hills above
New Eden are rigge
New Eden are rigged
wi
with
New Eden are rigged
with e
with exp
New Eden are rigged
with explo
with explosi
New Eden are rigged
with explosive
with explosives.
♪
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You c
>» You can
>» You can't
>» You can't b
>» You can't be
>» You can't be se
>» You can't be seri
>» You can't be seriou
>» You can't be serious.
»>
»> I
>» You can't be serious.
»> It'
»> It's
>» You can't be serious.
»> It's no
»> It's not
>» You can't be serious.
»> It's not sa
»> It's not safe
>» You can't be serious.
»> It's not safe.
>» It's not safe.
No
Not
>» It's not safe.
Not un
Not unti
>» It's not safe.
Not until
Not until we
>» It's not safe.
Not until we s
Not until we swe
>» It's not safe.
Not until we sweep
Not until we sweep t
>» It's not safe.
Not until we sweep the
Not until we sweep the t
>» It's not safe.
Not until we sweep the tra
Not until we sweep the track
>» It's not safe.
Not until we sweep the tracks.
We
We d
Not until we sweep the tracks.
We don
We don't
Not until we sweep the tracks.
We don't k
We don't kno
Not until we sweep the tracks.
We don't know
We don't know wh
Not until we sweep the tracks.
We don't know what
co
coul
We don't know what
could
could se
We don't know what
could set
could set th
We don't know what
could set them
could set them o
We don't know what
could set them off
could set them off.
♪
>»
>» S
>» So
>» So Bi
>» So Big
>» So Big Al
>» So Big Alic
>» So Big Alice
>» So Big Alice st
>» So Big Alice stay
>» So Big Alice stays
>» So Big Alice stays pu
>» So Big Alice stays put.
»>
»> J
>» So Big Alice stays put.
»> Jav
»> Javi:
>» So Big Alice stays put.
»> Javi: Ye
»> Javi: Yeah
>» So Big Alice stays put.
»> Javi: Yeah.
>» Javi: Yeah.
Fo
For
>» Javi: Yeah.
For no
For now.
♪
>»
>» H
>» How
>» How l
>» How low
>» How low a
>» How low are
>» How low are t
>» How low are the
>» How low are the b
>» How low are the bat
>» How low are the batte
>» How low are the battery
re
rese
>» How low are the battery
reserv
reserves
>» How low are the battery
reserves,
reserves, Ja
>» How low are the battery
reserves, Javi
reserves, Javi?
♪
>» We're almost out.
(Beeping, buzzing)
♪
(B
(Bee
(Beepi
(Beeping
(Beeping,
(Beeping, bu
(Beeping, buzz
(Beeping, buzzin
(Beeping, buzzing)
(S
(Sig
(Beeping, buzzing)
(Sighi
(Sighing
(Beeping, buzzing)
(Sighing)
♪
>»
>» W
>» Who
>» Who e
>» Who els
>» Who else
>» Who else ar
>» Who else are
>» Who else are yo
>» Who else are you
>» Who else are you hi
>» Who else are you hidi
>» Who else are you hiding
>» Who else are you hiding?
Fi
Firs
>» Who else are you hiding?
First
First it
>» Who else are you hiding?
First it w
First it was
>» Who else are you hiding?
First it was W
First it was Wil
>» Who else are you hiding?
First it was Wilfo
First it was Wilford
>» Who else are you hiding?
First it was Wilford,
no
now
First it was Wilford,
now it
now it's
First it was Wilford,
now it's m
now it's my
First it was Wilford,
now it's my da
now it's my daug
First it was Wilford,
now it's my daught
now it's my daughter
First it was Wilford,
now it's my daughter?
♪
>» We can't talk here.
(R
(Roo
(Room
(Room di
(Room din)
>»
>» W
>» Why
>» Why i
>» Why is
>» Why is sh
>» Why is she
>» Why is she he
>» Why is she here
>» Why is she here?
»>
»> M
>» Why is she here?
»> Mel
»> Melan
>» Why is she here?
»> Melanie
»> Melanie,
>» Why is she here?
»> Melanie, my
»> Melanie, my f
>» Why is she here?
»> Melanie, my foc
»> Melanie, my focus
>» Why is she here?
»> Melanie, my focus h
»> Melanie, my focus has
>» Why is she here?
»> Melanie, my focus has b
»> Melanie, my focus has bee
>» Why is she here?
»> Melanie, my focus has been
>» Melanie, my focus has been
on
on a
>» Melanie, my focus has been
on a s
on a sin
>» Melanie, my focus has been
on a singu
on a singula
>» Melanie, my focus has been
on a singular
on a singular mi
>» Melanie, my focus has been
on a singular miss
on a singular missio
>» Melanie, my focus has been
on a singular mission
to
to,
on a singular mission
to, to
to, to m
on a singular mission
to, to mak
to, to make
on a singular mission
to, to make su
to, to make sure
on a singular mission
to, to make sure--
»>
»> D
to, to make sure--
»> Did
»> Did y
to, to make sure--
»> Did you
»> Did you s
to, to make sure--
»> Did you sen
»> Did you send
to, to make sure--
»> Did you send me
»> Did you send me a
to, to make sure--
»> Did you send me awa
»> Did you send me away
>» Did you send me away
as
as a
>» Did you send me away
as a d
as a div
>» Did you send me away
as a diver
as a diversi
>» Did you send me away
as a diversion
as a diversion?
»>
»> W
as a diversion?
»> Wha
»> What
as a diversion?
»> What ar
»> What are
as a diversion?
»> What are yo
»> What are you
>» What are you
ta
talk
>» What are you
talkin
talking
>» What are you
talking ab
talking abou
>» What are you
talking about?
talking about? N
>» What are you
talking about? No.
We
We,
talking about? No.
We, we
We, we n
talking about? No.
We, we nee
We, we neede
talking about? No.
We, we needed
We, we needed th
talking about? No.
We, we needed the
We, we needed the to
talking about? No.
We, we needed the toxi
We, we needed the toxici
talking about? No.
We, we needed the toxicity
le
leve
We, we needed the toxicity
levels
levels m
We, we needed the toxicity
levels mea
levels measu
We, we needed the toxicity
levels measure
levels measure--
»>
»> D
levels measure--
»> Don
»> Don't
levels measure--
»> Don't l
»> Don't lie
levels measure--
»> Don't lie t
»> Don't lie to
levels measure--
»> Don't lie to me
»> Don't lie to me.
♪
>»
>» I
>» It
>» It wa
>» It was
>» It was Mi
>» It was Mili
>» It was Milius
>» It was Milius a
>» It was Milius and
>» It was Milius and W
>» It was Milius and Wil
>» It was Milius and Wilfo
>» It was Milius and Wilford
>» It was Milius and Wilford's
pl
plan
>» It was Milius and Wilford's
plan t
plan to
>» It was Milius and Wilford's
plan to lu
plan to lure
>» It was Milius and Wilford's
plan to lure B
plan to lure Big
>» It was Milius and Wilford's
plan to lure Big A
plan to lure Big Ali
>» It was Milius and Wilford's
plan to lure Big Alice
plan to lure Big Alice h
>» It was Milius and Wilford's
plan to lure Big Alice her
plan to lure Big Alice here.
»>
»> W
plan to lure Big Alice here.
»> Why
»> Why?
>» Why?
»>
»> I
>» Why?
»> I d
»> I don
>» Why?
»> I don't
»> I don't k
>» Why?
»> I don't kno
»> I don't know.
>» I don't know.
I'
I'm,
>» I don't know.
I'm, I
I'm, I'm
>» I don't know.
I'm, I'm--
I'm, I'm-- I
>» I don't know.
I'm, I'm-- I w
I'm, I'm-- I was
>» I don't know.
I'm, I'm-- I was i
I'm, I'm-- I was in
>» I don't know.
I'm, I'm-- I was in th
I'm, I'm-- I was in the
>» I don't know.
I'm, I'm-- I was in the da
I'm, I'm-- I was in the dark
>» I don't know.
I'm, I'm-- I was in the dark.
I
I ju
I'm, I'm-- I was in the dark.
I just
I just k
I'm, I'm-- I was in the dark.
I just kno
I just know
I'm, I'm-- I was in the dark.
I just know th
I just know they
I'm, I'm-- I was in the dark.
I just know they e
I just know they esc
I'm, I'm-- I was in the dark.
I just know they escap
I just know they escaped
bu
but
I just know they escaped
but Al
but Alex
I just know they escaped
but Alex i
but Alex is
I just know they escaped
but Alex is st
but Alex is stil
I just know they escaped
but Alex is still
but Alex is still he
I just know they escaped
but Alex is still here
but Alex is still here.
»>
»> W
but Alex is still here.
»> Whe
»> Where
but Alex is still here.
»> Where i
»> Where is
but Alex is still here.
»> Where is sh
»> Where is she
but Alex is still here.
»> Where is she no
»> Where is she now?
>» Where is she now?
»>
»> L
>» Where is she now?
»> Lev
»> Level
>» Where is she now?
»> Level t
»> Level thr
>» Where is she now?
»> Level three
»> Level three.
>» Level three.
»>
»> T
>» Level three.
»> Tha
»> That
>» Level three.
»> That fl
»> That floo
>» Level three.
»> That floor'
»> That floor's
>» Level three.
»> That floor's de
»> That floor's deco
>» Level three.
»> That floor's decomm
»> That floor's decommis
>» Level three.
»> That floor's decommissi
»> That floor's decommission
>» Level three.
»> That floor's decommissioned
»> That floor's decommissioned.
>» That floor's decommissioned.
»>
»> Y
>» That floor's decommissioned.
»> Yes
»> Yes,
>» That floor's decommissioned.
»> Yes, bu
»> Yes, but
>» That floor's decommissioned.
»> Yes, but th
»> Yes, but that
>» That floor's decommissioned.
»> Yes, but that's
»> Yes, but that's w
>» That floor's decommissioned.
»> Yes, but that's whe
»> Yes, but that's where
>» Yes, but that's where
Mi
Mili
>» Yes, but that's where
Milius
Milius p
>» Yes, but that's where
Milius put
Milius put W
>» Yes, but that's where
Milius put Wil
Milius put Wilfo
>» Yes, but that's where
Milius put Wilford
Milius put Wilford.
»>
»> S
Milius put Wilford.
»> So
»> So sh
Milius put Wilford.
»> So she
»> So she we
Milius put Wilford.
»> So she went
»> So she went t
Milius put Wilford.
»> So she went to
»> So she went to fi
Milius put Wilford.
»> So she went to find
»> So she went to find h
Milius put Wilford.
»> So she went to find him
»> So she went to find him?
♪
Give me your wristband.
>» Alex stole it.
♪
>» I'll figure it out.
(Door thuds)
♪
>»
>» N
>» Nic
>» Nicel
>» Nicely
>» Nicely do
>» Nicely done
>» Nicely done.
»>
»> M
>» Nicely done.
»> Mm.
>» Mm.
»>
»> W
>» Mm.
»> We'
»> We're
>» Mm.
»> We're g
»> We're gon
>» Mm.
»> We're gonna
»> We're gonna n
>» Mm.
»> We're gonna nee
»> We're gonna need
>» We're gonna need
so
some
>» We're gonna need
some h
some hea
>» We're gonna need
some headp
some headpho
>» We're gonna need
some headphone
some headphones.
(C
(Chu
some headphones.
(Chuck
(Chuckli
some headphones.
(Chuckling
(Chuckling)
♪
Where's the other pair?
The answer is no.
♪
>»
>» S
>» So
>» So yo
>» So you
>» So you wo
>» So you wore
>» So you wore t
>» So you wore the
>» So you wore the b
>» So you wore the bad
>» So you wore the badge
in
in y
>» So you wore the badge
in you
in your
>» So you wore the badge
in your pa
in your past
>» So you wore the badge
in your past l
in your past lif
>» So you wore the badge
in your past life.
An
Any
in your past life.
Any of
Any of t
in your past life.
Any of tho
Any of those
in your past life.
Any of those d
Any of those det
in your past life.
Any of those detec
Any of those detecti
in your past life.
Any of those detective
Any of those detective s
in your past life.
Any of those detective ski
Any of those detective skill
in your past life.
Any of those detective skills
fi
figu
Any of those detective skills
figure
figure a
Any of those detective skills
figure a w
figure a way
Any of those detective skills
figure a way o
figure a way out
Any of those detective skills
figure a way outta
figure a way outta h
Any of those detective skills
figure a way outta her
figure a way outta here?
»>
»> I
figure a way outta here?
»> I'm
»> I'm w
figure a way outta here?
»> I'm wor
»> I'm worki
figure a way outta here?
»> I'm working
»> I'm working o
figure a way outta here?
»> I'm working on
»> I'm working on th
figure a way outta here?
»> I'm working on that
»> I'm working on that p
figure a way outta here?
»> I'm working on that par
»> I'm working on that part.
>» I'm working on that part.
»>
»> T
>» I'm working on that part.
»> The
»> The b
>» I'm working on that part.
»> The bes
»> The best
>» I'm working on that part.
»> The best ch
»> The best chan
>» I'm working on that part.
»> The best chance
»> The best chance o
>» I'm working on that part.
»> The best chance of
»> The best chance of fi
>» I'm working on that part.
»> The best chance of find
»> The best chance of findin
>» I'm working on that part.
»> The best chance of finding
>» The best chance of finding
Me
Mela
>» The best chance of finding
Melani
Melanie
>» The best chance of finding
Melanie wi
Melanie will
>» The best chance of finding
Melanie will b
Melanie will be
>» The best chance of finding
Melanie will be on
Melanie will be on t
>» The best chance of finding
Melanie will be on tha
Melanie will be on that
>» The best chance of finding
Melanie will be on that tr
Melanie will be on that trai
>» The best chance of finding
Melanie will be on that train.
»>
»> S
Melanie will be on that train.
»> Sti
»> Still
Melanie will be on that train.
»> Still n
»> Still no.
>» Still no.
»>
»> R
>» Still no.
»> Rem
»> Remem
>» Still no.
»> Remembe
»> Remember
>» Still no.
»> Remember th
»> Remember that
>» Still no.
»> Remember that t
»> Remember that tra
>» Still no.
»> Remember that train
>» Remember that train
in
in y
>» Remember that train
in you
in your
>» Remember that train
in your le
in your lega
>» Remember that train
in your legacy
in your legacy.
No
Not
in your legacy.
Not yo
Not your
in your legacy.
Not your m
Not your mot
in your legacy.
Not your mothe
Not your mother'
in your legacy.
Not your mother's.
It
It's
Not your mother's.
It's y
It's you
Not your mother's.
It's yours
It's yours t
Not your mother's.
It's yours to
It's yours to ca
Not your mother's.
It's yours to care
It's yours to care f
Not your mother's.
It's yours to care for
It's yours to care for.
♪
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door th
(Door thud
(Door thuds)
(I
(Ind
(Door thuds)
(Indis
(Indisti
(Door thuds)
(Indistinc
(Indistinct
(Door thuds)
(Indistinct sh
(Indistinct shou
(Door thuds)
(Indistinct shouti
(Indistinct shouting
(Door thuds)
(Indistinct shouting)
»>
»> S
(Indistinct shouting)
»> Shi
»> Shit!
>» Shit!
»>
»> C
>» Shit!
»> Com
»> Come
>» Shit!
»> Come on
»> Come on t
>» Shit!
»> Come on the
»> Come on then.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Lay
>» Layto
>» Layton:
>» Layton: W
>» Layton: Wil
>» Layton: Wilfo
>» Layton: Wilford
>» Layton: Wilford,
wh
what
>» Layton: Wilford,
whatev
whatever
>» Layton: Wilford,
whatever y
whatever you
>» Layton: Wilford,
whatever you g
whatever you got
>» Layton: Wilford,
whatever you got c
whatever you got coo
>» Layton: Wilford,
whatever you got cooki
whatever you got cookin'
up
up o
whatever you got cookin'
up ove
up over
whatever you got cookin'
up over th
up over ther
whatever you got cookin'
up over there,
we
we'r
up over there,
we're
we're go
up over there,
we're gonn
we're gonna
up over there,
we're gonna ne
we're gonna need
up over there,
we're gonna need i
we're gonna need it!
♪
>» It's now or never.
(Sighs)
♪
Now the closing act.
(Switch clicks)
(Loud high-pitched tone ringing)
Br
Brav
Bravo!
Bravo! B
Bravo! Bra
Bravo! Bravo
Bravo! Bravo!
(G
(Gro
Bravo! Bravo!
(Groan
(Groanin
Bravo! Bravo!
(Groaning)
Br
Brav
(Groaning)
Bravo.
(L
(Lau
Bravo.
(Laugh
(Laughin
Bravo.
(Laughing)
♪
(Gun shots firing)
(S
(Scr
(Screa
(Screami
(Screaming
(Screaming)
»>
»> L
(Screaming)
»> Lay
»> Layto
(Screaming)
»> Layton:
»> Layton: W
(Screaming)
»> Layton: Wil
»> Layton: Wilfo
(Screaming)
»> Layton: Wilford
»> Layton: Wilford,
>» Layton: Wilford,
ge
get
>» Layton: Wilford,
get to
get to t
>» Layton: Wilford,
get to the
get to the s
>» Layton: Wilford,
get to the sta
get to the stair
>» Layton: Wilford,
get to the stairs!
Co
Come
get to the stairs!
Come o
Come on,
get to the stairs!
Come on, l
Come on, let
get to the stairs!
Come on, let's
Come on, let's g
get to the stairs!
Come on, let's go!
(A
(Ala
Come on, let's go!
(Alarm
(Alarm w
Come on, let's go!
(Alarm wai
(Alarm waili
Come on, let's go!
(Alarm wailing
(Alarm wailing)
♪
>»
>» F
>» Flo
>» Floor
>» Floor t
>» Floor thr
>» Floor three
>» Floor three i
>» Floor three is
>» Floor three is br
>» Floor three is brea
>» Floor three is breach
>» Floor three is breached
>» Floor three is breached.
Se
Seal
>» Floor three is breached.
Seal a
Seal all
>» Floor three is breached.
Seal all l
Seal all lev
>» Floor three is breached.
Seal all level
Seal all levels
>» Floor three is breached.
Seal all levels ni
Seal all levels nine
>» Floor three is breached.
Seal all levels nine a
Seal all levels nine and
>» Floor three is breached.
Seal all levels nine and b
Seal all levels nine and bel
>» Floor three is breached.
Seal all levels nine and below
Seal all levels nine and below.
»>
»> I
Seal all levels nine and below.
»> I w
»> I war
Seal all levels nine and below.
»> I warne
»> I warned
Seal all levels nine and below.
»> I warned yo
»> I warned you
Seal all levels nine and below.
»> I warned you Me
»> I warned you Mela
Seal all levels nine and below.
»> I warned you Melani
»> I warned you Melanie
Seal all levels nine and below.
»> I warned you Melanie wa
»> I warned you Melanie was
>» I warned you Melanie was
go
gonn
>» I warned you Melanie was
gonna
gonna fi
>» I warned you Melanie was
gonna find
gonna find o
>» I warned you Melanie was
gonna find out
gonna find out a
>» I warned you Melanie was
gonna find out abo
gonna find out about
>» I warned you Melanie was
gonna find out about A
gonna find out about Ale
>» I warned you Melanie was
gonna find out about Alex.
»>
»> B
gonna find out about Alex.
»> Bec
»> Becau
gonna find out about Alex.
»> Because
»> Because y
gonna find out about Alex.
»> Because you
»> Because your
gonna find out about Alex.
»> Because your lo
»> Because your loos
gonna find out about Alex.
»> Because your loose
»> Because your loose li
gonna find out about Alex.
»> Because your loose lips
>» Because your loose lips
la
lack
>» Because your loose lips
lack t
lack the
>» Because your loose lips
lack the r
lack the res
>» Because your loose lips
lack the resol
lack the resolve
>» Because your loose lips
lack the resolve t
lack the resolve to
>» Because your loose lips
lack the resolve to st
lack the resolve to stay
>» Because your loose lips
lack the resolve to stay s
lack the resolve to stay shu
>» Because your loose lips
lack the resolve to stay shut.
»>
»> O
lack the resolve to stay shut.
»> Our
»> Our,
lack the resolve to stay shut.
»> Our, ou
»> Our, our
lack the resolve to stay shut.
»> Our, our cl
»> Our, our clim
lack the resolve to stay shut.
»> Our, our climat
»> Our, our climate
lack the resolve to stay shut.
»> Our, our climate mo
»> Our, our climate mode
lack the resolve to stay shut.
»> Our, our climate models
>» Our, our climate models
sh
show
>» Our, our climate models
show t
show tha
>» Our, our climate models
show that
show that we
>» Our, our climate models
show that we m
show that we mus
>» Our, our climate models
show that we must
show that we must la
>» Our, our climate models
show that we must laun
show that we must launch
as
as s
show that we must launch
as soo
as soon
show that we must launch
as soon as
as soon as p
show that we must launch
as soon as pos
as soon as possi
show that we must launch
as soon as possibl
as soon as possible.
Wh
When
as soon as possible.
When M
When Mel
as soon as possible.
When Melan
When Melanie
as soon as possible.
When Melanie f
When Melanie fin
as soon as possible.
When Melanie finds
When Melanie finds h
as soon as possible.
When Melanie finds her
da
daug
When Melanie finds her
daught
daughter
When Melanie finds her
daughter,
daughter, wh
When Melanie finds her
daughter, what
daughter, what t
When Melanie finds her
daughter, what the
daughter, what then?
Ho
How,
daughter, what then?
How, h
How, how
daughter, what then?
How, how d
How, how doe
daughter, what then?
How, how does
How, how does th
daughter, what then?
How, how does that
How, how does that h
daughter, what then?
How, how does that hap
How, how does that happe
daughter, what then?
How, how does that happen?
»>
»> D
How, how does that happen?
»> Do
»> Do yo
How, how does that happen?
»> Do you
»> Do you sc
How, how does that happen?
»> Do you scie
»> Do you scient
How, how does that happen?
»> Do you scientis
»> Do you scientists
How, how does that happen?
»> Do you scientists a
»> Do you scientists all
>» Do you scientists all
ta
take
>» Do you scientists all
take a
take an
>» Do you scientists all
take an oa
take an oath
>» Do you scientists all
take an oath o
take an oath of
>» Do you scientists all
take an oath of pe
take an oath of pess
>» Do you scientists all
take an oath of pessim
take an oath of pessimis
>» Do you scientists all
take an oath of pessimism?
We
We w
take an oath of pessimism?
We wil
We will
take an oath of pessimism?
We will ge
We will get
take an oath of pessimism?
We will get it
We will get it d
take an oath of pessimism?
We will get it don
We will get it done.
»>
»> W
We will get it done.
»> We
»> We ma
We will get it done.
»> We made
»> We made a
We will get it done.
»> We made a d
»> We made a dea
We will get it done.
»> We made a deal
»> We made a deal on
We will get it done.
»> We made a deal once
»> We made a deal once.
♪
If
If I
If I h
If I hel
If I helpe
If I helped
If I helped yo
If I helped you,
yo
you'
If I helped you,
you'd
you'd se
If I helped you,
you'd see
you'd see th
If I helped you,
you'd see the
you'd see the mi
If I helped you,
you'd see the miss
you'd see the missio
If I helped you,
you'd see the mission
you'd see the mission th
If I helped you,
you'd see the mission thro
you'd see the mission throug
If I helped you,
you'd see the mission through.
♪
>»
>» D
>» Do
>» Do yo
>» Do you
>» Do you kn
>» Do you know
>» Do you know w
>» Do you know why
>» Do you know why I
>» Do you know why I s
>» Do you know why I sti
>» Do you know why I still
>» Do you know why I still k
>» Do you know why I still kee
>» Do you know why I still keep
my
my w
>» Do you know why I still keep
my wif
my wife'
>» Do you know why I still keep
my wife's
my wife's pi
>» Do you know why I still keep
my wife's pict
my wife's pictur
>» Do you know why I still keep
my wife's picture
my wife's picture on
>» Do you know why I still keep
my wife's picture on m
my wife's picture on my
>» Do you know why I still keep
my wife's picture on my de
my wife's picture on my desk
>» Do you know why I still keep
my wife's picture on my desk?
To
To r
my wife's picture on my desk?
To rem
To remin
my wife's picture on my desk?
To remind
To remind me
my wife's picture on my desk?
To remind me w
To remind me wha
my wife's picture on my desk?
To remind me what
be
betr
To remind me what
betray
betrayal
To remind me what
betrayal l
betrayal loo
To remind me what
betrayal looks
betrayal looks l
To remind me what
betrayal looks lik
betrayal looks like.
Fi
Fini
betrayal looks like.
Finish
Finish t
betrayal looks like.
Finish the
Finish the c
betrayal looks like.
Finish the com
Finish the compo
betrayal looks like.
Finish the compoun
Finish the compound.
Ge
Get
Finish the compound.
Get it
Get it o
Finish the compound.
Get it on
Get it on to
Finish the compound.
Get it on to S
Get it on to Sno
Finish the compound.
Get it on to Snowp
Get it on to Snowpie
Finish the compound.
Get it on to Snowpierc
Get it on to Snowpiercer
wh
when
Get it on to Snowpiercer
when i
when it
Get it on to Snowpiercer
when it ar
when it arri
Get it on to Snowpiercer
when it arrive
when it arrives.
»>
»> A
when it arrives.
»> And
»> And M
when it arrives.
»> And Mel
»> And Melan
when it arrives.
»> And Melanie
»> And Melanie?
>» And Melanie?
»>
»> Y
>» And Melanie?
»> You
»> You a
>» And Melanie?
»> You alr
»> You alrea
>» And Melanie?
»> You already
»> You already h
>» And Melanie?
»> You already hav
»> You already have
>» And Melanie?
»> You already have Me
»> You already have Mela
>» And Melanie?
»> You already have Melani
»> You already have Melanie'
>» And Melanie?
»> You already have Melanie's
>» You already have Melanie's
da
data
>» You already have Melanie's
data,
data, wh
>» You already have Melanie's
data, why
data, why do
>» You already have Melanie's
data, why do y
data, why do you
>» You already have Melanie's
data, why do you n
data, why do you nee
>» You already have Melanie's
data, why do you need
data, why do you need he
>» You already have Melanie's
data, why do you need her?
To
To h
data, why do you need her?
To hol
To hold
data, why do you need her?
To hold yo
To hold your
data, why do you need her?
To hold your h
To hold your han
data, why do you need her?
To hold your hand?
♪
>»
>» W
>» We
>» We ca
>» We can'
>» We can't
>» We can't le
>» We can't leav
>» We can't leave
Bi
Big
>» We can't leave
Big Al
Big Alic
>» We can't leave
Big Alice
Big Alice vu
>» We can't leave
Big Alice vuln
Big Alice vulner
>» We can't leave
Big Alice vulnerab
Big Alice vulnerable
>» We can't leave
Big Alice vulnerable.
»>
»> W
Big Alice vulnerable.
»> We
»> We wo
Big Alice vulnerable.
»> We won'
»> We won't.
>» We won't.
Bu
But
>» We won't.
But ou
But our
>» We won't.
But our fi
But our firs
>» We won't.
But our first
But our first ta
>» We won't.
But our first task
But our first task i
>» We won't.
But our first task is
to
to c
But our first task is
to cal
to calm
But our first task is
to calm th
to calm the
But our first task is
to calm the to
to calm the town
But our first task is
to calm the town's
to calm the town's n
But our first task is
to calm the town's ner
to calm the town's nerve
But our first task is
to calm the town's nerves,
sh
show
to calm the town's nerves,
show '
show '´
to calm the town's nerves,
show 'em
show 'em w
to calm the town's nerves,
show 'em we
show 'em we ha
to calm the town's nerves,
show 'em we have
show 'em we have a
to calm the town's nerves,
show 'em we have a p
show 'em we have a pla
to calm the town's nerves,
show 'em we have a plan.
»>
»> M
show 'em we have a plan.
»> May
»> Maybe
show 'em we have a plan.
»> Maybe w
»> Maybe we
show 'em we have a plan.
»> Maybe we st
»> Maybe we star
show 'em we have a plan.
»> Maybe we start
»> Maybe we start mo
show 'em we have a plan.
»> Maybe we start movi
»> Maybe we start moving
show 'em we have a plan.
»> Maybe we start moving p
»> Maybe we start moving peo
show 'em we have a plan.
»> Maybe we start moving peopl
»> Maybe we start moving people.
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Co
Cons
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Consol
Consolid
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Consolidat
Consolidate
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Consolidate po
Consolidate powe
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Consolidate power
Consolidate power to
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Consolidate power to a
Consolidate power to a l
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Consolidate power to a lim
Consolidate power to a limit
>» Maybe we start moving people.
Consolidate power to a limited
nu
numb
Consolidate power to a limited
number
number o
Consolidate power to a limited
number of
number of ca
Consolidate power to a limited
number of cars
number of cars,
Consolidate power to a limited
number of cars, co
number of cars, cons
Consolidate power to a limited
number of cars, conser
number of cars, conserve
Consolidate power to a limited
number of cars, conserve e
number of cars, conserve ene
Consolidate power to a limited
number of cars, conserve energ
number of cars, conserve energy.
»>
»> T
number of cars, conserve energy.
»> Tha
»> That'
number of cars, conserve energy.
»> That's
»> That's a
number of cars, conserve energy.
»> That's a go
»> That's a good
number of cars, conserve energy.
»> That's a good i
»> That's a good ide
number of cars, conserve energy.
»> That's a good idea.
>» That's a good idea.
»>
»> Y
>» That's a good idea.
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
»>
»> S
>» Yeah.
»> So
»> So wh
>» Yeah.
»> So whil
»> So while
>» Yeah.
»> So while Sy
»> So while Syke
>» Yeah.
»> So while Sykes
»> So while Sykes is
>» Yeah.
»> So while Sykes is w
»> So while Sykes is wor
>» Yeah.
»> So while Sykes is worki
»> So while Sykes is working
>» So while Sykes is working
on
on t
>» So while Sykes is working
on the
on the p
>» So while Sykes is working
on the pow
on the power
>» So while Sykes is working
on the power i
on the power iss
>» So while Sykes is working
on the power issue
on the power issues
ca
can
on the power issues
can yo
can you
on the power issues
can you go
can you go c
on the power issues
can you go che
can you go check
on the power issues
can you go check a
can you go check and
on the power issues
can you go check and s
can you go check and see
if
if L
can you go check and see
if Lig
if Light
can you go check and see
if Lights
if Lights ha
can you go check and see
if Lights has
if Lights has ha
can you go check and see
if Lights has had
if Lights has had an
can you go check and see
if Lights has had any
lu
luck
if Lights has had any
luck s
luck swe
if Lights has had any
luck sweep
luck sweepin
if Lights has had any
luck sweeping
luck sweeping th
if Lights has had any
luck sweeping the
luck sweeping the tr
if Lights has had any
luck sweeping the trac
luck sweeping the tracks
if Lights has had any
luck sweeping the tracks.
»>
»> W
luck sweeping the tracks.
»> Wha
»> What
luck sweeping the tracks.
»> What ar
»> What are
luck sweeping the tracks.
»> What are yo
»> What are you
luck sweeping the tracks.
»> What are you hi
»> What are you hidi
luck sweeping the tracks.
»> What are you hiding
»> What are you hiding f
luck sweeping the tracks.
»> What are you hiding fro
»> What are you hiding from
luck sweeping the tracks.
»> What are you hiding from us
»> What are you hiding from us?
>» What are you hiding from us?
Th
Ther
>» What are you hiding from us?
There
There ar
>» What are you hiding from us?
There are
There are pa
>» What are you hiding from us?
There are patr
There are patrol
>» What are you hiding from us?
There are patrols
There are patrols se
>» What are you hiding from us?
There are patrols sear
There are patrols search
>» What are you hiding from us?
There are patrols searchin
There are patrols searching
th
the
There are patrols searching
the hi
the hill
There are patrols searching
the hills
the hills an
There are patrols searching
the hills and
the hills and th
There are patrols searching
the hills and the
the hills and the tr
There are patrols searching
the hills and the trac
the hills and the tracks
There are patrols searching
the hills and the tracks.
Ar
Are
the hills and the tracks.
Are we
Are we i
the hills and the tracks.
Are we in
Are we in da
the hills and the tracks.
Are we in dang
Are we in danger
the hills and the tracks.
Are we in danger?
»>
»> M
Are we in danger?
»> Mat
»> Mate,
Are we in danger?
»> Mate, s
»> Mate, say
Are we in danger?
»> Mate, say s
»> Mate, say som
Are we in danger?
»> Mate, say somet
»> Mate, say somethi
Are we in danger?
»> Mate, say something
>» Mate, say something
or
or w
>» Mate, say something
or we'
or we're
>» Mate, say something
or we're t
or we're toa
>» Mate, say something
or we're toast
or we're toast.
»>
»> O
or we're toast.
»> Oka
»> Okay,
or we're toast.
»> Okay, w
»> Okay, wel
or we're toast.
»> Okay, well.
>» Okay, well.
Ok
Okay
>» Okay, well.
Okay,
Okay, ev
>» Okay, well.
Okay, ever
Okay, everyo
>» Okay, well.
Okay, everyone
Okay, everyone,
we
we'v
Okay, everyone,
we've
we've go
Okay, everyone,
we've got
we've got so
Okay, everyone,
we've got some
we've got some b
Okay, everyone,
we've got some bad
we've got some bad n
Okay, everyone,
we've got some bad new
we've got some bad news.
♪
Th
Ther
There
There ar
There are
There are so
There are some
ex
expl
There are some
explos
explosiv
There are some
explosives
explosives i
There are some
explosives in
explosives in th
There are some
explosives in the
explosives in the hi
There are some
explosives in the hill
explosives in the hills.
(E
(Exc
explosives in the hills.
(Excla
(Exclaim
explosives in the hills.
(Exclaimin
(Exclaiming)
Bu
But
(Exclaiming)
But we
But we'r
(Exclaiming)
But we're
But we're go
(Exclaiming)
But we're goin
But we're going
(Exclaiming)
But we're going to
But we're going to b
(Exclaiming)
But we're going to be
But we're going to be ok
(Exclaiming)
But we're going to be okay
But we're going to be okay.
We
We'r
But we're going to be okay.
We're
We're go
But we're going to be okay.
We're goin
We're going
But we're going to be okay.
We're going to
We're going to b
But we're going to be okay.
We're going to be
We're going to be ok
But we're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay
We're going to be okay.
We
We'r
We're going to be okay.
We're
We're go
We're going to be okay.
We're goin
We're going
We're going to be okay.
We're going to
We're going to e
We're going to be okay.
We're going to eva
We're going to evacu
We're going to be okay.
We're going to evacuat
We're going to evacuate
We're going to be okay.
We're going to evacuate ev
We're going to evacuate ever
We're going to be okay.
We're going to evacuate everyo
We're going to evacuate everyone
to
to t
We're going to evacuate everyone
to the
to the f
We're going to evacuate everyone
to the far
to the farth
We're going to evacuate everyone
to the farther
to the farther s
We're going to evacuate everyone
to the farther sle
to the farther sleep
We're going to evacuate everyone
to the farther sleeper
to the farther sleeper c
We're going to evacuate everyone
to the farther sleeper car
to the farther sleeper cars,
no
not
to the farther sleeper cars,
not ju
not just
to the farther sleeper cars,
not just f
not just for
to the farther sleeper cars,
not just for s
not just for saf
to the farther sleeper cars,
not just for safet
not just for safety
bu
but
not just for safety
but al
but also
not just for safety
but also t
but also to
not just for safety
but also to co
but also to cons
not just for safety
but also to conser
but also to conserve
not just for safety
but also to conserve e
but also to conserve ene
not just for safety
but also to conserve energ
but also to conserve energy.
Bi
Big
but also to conserve energy.
Big Al
Big Alic
but also to conserve energy.
Big Alice
Big Alice is
but also to conserve energy.
Big Alice is r
Big Alice is rig
but also to conserve energy.
Big Alice is right
Big Alice is right o
but also to conserve energy.
Big Alice is right on
Big Alice is right on th
but also to conserve energy.
Big Alice is right on the
Big Alice is right on the ot
but also to conserve energy.
Big Alice is right on the othe
Big Alice is right on the other
si
side
Big Alice is right on the other
side o
side of
Big Alice is right on the other
side of th
side of the
Big Alice is right on the other
side of the br
side of the brid
Big Alice is right on the other
side of the bridge
side of the bridge.
So
So a
side of the bridge.
So as
So as so
side of the bridge.
So as soon
So as soon a
side of the bridge.
So as soon as
So as soon as we
side of the bridge.
So as soon as we m
So as soon as we mak
side of the bridge.
So as soon as we make
So as soon as we make Ne
side of the bridge.
So as soon as we make New
So as soon as we make New Ed
side of the bridge.
So as soon as we make New Eden
sa
safe
So as soon as we make New Eden
safe a
safe aga
So as soon as we make New Eden
safe again
safe again t
So as soon as we make New Eden
safe again the
safe again they'
So as soon as we make New Eden
safe again they'll
be
be a
safe again they'll
be abl
be able
safe again they'll
be able to
be able to r
safe again they'll
be able to ret
be able to retur
safe again they'll
be able to return
be able to return ho
safe again they'll
be able to return home
be able to return home.
We
We'r
be able to return home.
We're
We're go
be able to return home.
We're gonn
We're gonna
be able to return home.
We're gonna be
We're gonna be f
be able to return home.
We're gonna be fin
We're gonna be fine,
I
I pr
We're gonna be fine,
I prom
I promis
We're gonna be fine,
I promise!
I promise! O
We're gonna be fine,
I promise! Oka
I promise! Okay?
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wom
>» Woman
>» Woman:
>» Woman: (O
>» Woman: (On
>» Woman: (On sp
>» Woman: (On spea
>» Woman: (On speake
>» Woman: (On speaker)
Al
All
>» Woman: (On speaker)
All Ge
All Gemi
>» Woman: (On speaker)
All Gemini
All Gemini t
>» Woman: (On speaker)
All Gemini tea
All Gemini teams
>» Woman: (On speaker)
All Gemini teams p
All Gemini teams pre
>» Woman: (On speaker)
All Gemini teams prep
fo
for
All Gemini teams prep
for Sn
for Snow
All Gemini teams prep
for Snowpi
for Snowpier
All Gemini teams prep
for Snowpierce
for Snowpiercer
tr
tran
for Snowpiercer
transp
transpor
for Snowpiercer
transport
transport im
for Snowpiercer
transport imme
transport immedi
for Snowpiercer
transport immediat
transport immediatel
for Snowpiercer
transport immediately.
Re
Repe
transport immediately.
Repeat
Repeat.
Al
All
Repeat.
All Ge
All Gemi
Repeat.
All Gemini
All Gemini t
Repeat.
All Gemini tea
All Gemini teams
Repeat.
All Gemini teams p
All Gemini teams pre
Repeat.
All Gemini teams prep
fo
for
All Gemini teams prep
for Sn
for Snow
All Gemini teams prep
for Snowpi
for Snowpier
All Gemini teams prep
for Snowpierce
for Snowpiercer
tr
tran
for Snowpiercer
transp
transpor
for Snowpiercer
transport
transport im
for Snowpiercer
transport imme
transport immedi
for Snowpiercer
transport immediat
transport immediatel
for Snowpiercer
transport immediately.
♪
>»
>» M
>» Mel
>» Melan
>» Melanie
>» Melanie?
»>
»> L
>» Melanie?
»> Lay
»> Layto
>» Melanie?
»> Layton.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Ah,
>» Ah, m
>» Ah, my
>» Ah, my fo
>» Ah, my form
>» Ah, my former
tr
trus
>» Ah, my former
truste
trusted
>» Ah, my former
trusted pr
trusted prot
>» Ah, my former
trusted protég
trusted protégé.
I
I wa
trusted protégé.
I was
I was ha
trusted protégé.
I was half
I was half-h
trusted protégé.
I was half-hop
I was half-hopin
trusted protégé.
I was half-hoping
to
to s
I was half-hoping
to see
to see y
I was half-hoping
to see you
to see you a
I was half-hoping
to see you aga
to see you again
I was half-hoping
to see you again.
♪
Half.
>»
>» I
>» I d
>» I did
>» I did n
>» I did not
>» I did not k
>» I did not kno
>» I did not know
>» I did not know ab
>» I did not know abou
>» I did not know about
>» I did not know about Li
>» I did not know about Lian
>» I did not know about Liana.
As
As f
As far
As far a
As far as
As far as I
As far as I kn
As far as I knew
As far as I knew,
we
we w
As far as I knew,
we wer
we were
As far as I knew,
we were al
we were all
As far as I knew,
we were all he
we were all here
As far as I knew,
we were all here w
we were all here wor
As far as I knew,
we were all here worki
we were all here working
to
toge
we were all here working
togeth
together
we were all here working
together t
together tow
we were all here working
together towar
together towards
we were all here working
together towards t
together towards the
we were all here working
together towards the s
together towards the sam
we were all here working
together towards the same
together towards the same go
we were all here working
together towards the same goal
together towards the same goal.
»>
»> C
together towards the same goal.
»> Cre
»> Creat
together towards the same goal.
»> Creatin
»> Creating
together towards the same goal.
»> Creating mo
»> Creating more
together towards the same goal.
»> Creating more N
»> Creating more New
together towards the same goal.
»> Creating more New E
»> Creating more New Ede
together towards the same goal.
»> Creating more New Edens
»> Creating more New Edens.
>» Creating more New Edens.
»>
»> T
>» Creating more New Edens.
»> The
»> Theor
>» Creating more New Edens.
»> Theoret
»> Theoretic
>» Creating more New Edens.
»> Theoretical
»> Theoretically
>» Creating more New Edens.
»> Theoretically,
»> Theoretically, ye
>» Creating more New Edens.
»> Theoretically, yes.
>» Theoretically, yes.
»>
»> I
>» Theoretically, yes.
»> If
»> If it
>» Theoretically, yes.
»> If it's
»> If it's a
>» Theoretically, yes.
»> If it's all
»> If it's all t
>» Theoretically, yes.
»> If it's all the
»> If it's all theor
>» Theoretically, yes.
»> If it's all theoret
»> If it's all theoretic
>» Theoretically, yes.
»> If it's all theoretical
>» If it's all theoretical
th
then
>» If it's all theoretical
then w
then why
>» If it's all theoretical
then why's
then why's t
>» If it's all theoretical
then why's the
then why's the A
>» If it's all theoretical
then why's the Adm
then why's the Admir
>» If it's all theoretical
then why's the Admiral
so
so g
then why's the Admiral
so gun
so gung-
then why's the Admiral
so gung-ho
so gung-ho t
then why's the Admiral
so gung-ho to
so gung-ho to la
then why's the Admiral
so gung-ho to laun
so gung-ho to launch
then why's the Admiral
so gung-ho to launch?
»>
»> W
so gung-ho to launch?
»> Wil
»> Wilfo
so gung-ho to launch?
»> Wilford
»> Wilford:
so gung-ho to launch?
»> Wilford: Be
»> Wilford: Beca
so gung-ho to launch?
»> Wilford: Becaus
»> Wilford: Because
so gung-ho to launch?
»> Wilford: Because he
»> Wilford: Because he's
>» Wilford: Because he's
no
not
>» Wilford: Because he's
not a
not a ma
>» Wilford: Because he's
not a man
not a man of
>» Wilford: Because he's
not a man of s
not a man of sci
>» Wilford: Because he's
not a man of scien
not a man of science
>» Wilford: Because he's
not a man of science.
He
He's
not a man of science.
He's a
He's a m
not a man of science.
He's a mad
He's a mad,
not a man of science.
He's a mad, pa
He's a mad, para
not a man of science.
He's a mad, parano
He's a mad, paranoid
not a man of science.
He's a mad, paranoid k
He's a mad, paranoid kin
not a man of science.
He's a mad, paranoid king
wh
whos
He's a mad, paranoid king
whose
whose ca
He's a mad, paranoid king
whose cast
whose castle
He's a mad, paranoid king
whose castle i
whose castle is
He's a mad, paranoid king
whose castle is cr
whose castle is crum
He's a mad, paranoid king
whose castle is crumbl
whose castle is crumblin
He's a mad, paranoid king
whose castle is crumbling.
He
He's
whose castle is crumbling.
He's t
He's tak
whose castle is crumbling.
He's taken
He's taken f
whose castle is crumbling.
He's taken fan
He's taken fancy
whose castle is crumbling.
He's taken fancy t
He's taken fancy to
whose castle is crumbling.
He's taken fancy to a
He's taken fancy to a ne
whose castle is crumbling.
He's taken fancy to a new
He's taken fancy to a new on
whose castle is crumbling.
He's taken fancy to a new one.
Ho
Hope
He's taken fancy to a new one.
Hopefu
Hopefull
He's taken fancy to a new one.
Hopefully
Hopefully Al
He's taken fancy to a new one.
Hopefully Alex
Hopefully Alex w
He's taken fancy to a new one.
Hopefully Alex wil
Hopefully Alex will
be
beat
Hopefully Alex will
beat h
beat him
Hopefully Alex will
beat him t
beat him to
Hopefully Alex will
beat him to it
beat him to it.
»>
»> W
beat him to it.
»> Wai
»> Wait.
>» Wait.
Wh
What
>» Wait.
What d
What doe
>» Wait.
What does
What does th
>» Wait.
What does that
What does that m
>» Wait.
What does that mea
What does that mean?
»>
»> S
What does that mean?
»> She
»> She's
What does that mean?
»> She's f
»> She's fin
What does that mean?
»> She's fine.
>» She's fine.
Sh
She'
>» She's fine.
She's
She's pr
>» She's fine.
She's prob
She's probab
>» She's fine.
She's probably
She's probably a
>» She's fine.
She's probably app
She's probably appro
>» She's fine.
She's probably approac
She's probably approachi
>» She's fine.
She's probably approaching
th
the
She's probably approaching
the je
the jetw
She's probably approaching
the jetway
the jetway a
She's probably approaching
the jetway as
the jetway as we
She's probably approaching
the jetway as we s
the jetway as we spe
She's probably approaching
the jetway as we speak
the jetway as we speak.
»>
»> W
the jetway as we speak.
»> Wha
»> What
the jetway as we speak.
»> What ab
»> What abou
the jetway as we speak.
»> What about
»> What about Jo
the jetway as we speak.
»> What about Josi
»> What about Josie
the jetway as we speak.
»> What about Josie an
»> What about Josie and
the jetway as we speak.
»> What about Josie and Li
»> What about Josie and Lian
the jetway as we speak.
»> What about Josie and Liana?
>» What about Josie and Liana?
»>
»> W
>» What about Josie and Liana?
»> Wel
»> Well,
>» What about Josie and Liana?
»> Well, h
»> Well, hol
>» What about Josie and Liana?
»> Well, hold
»> Well, hold th
>» What about Josie and Liana?
»> Well, hold the
»> Well, hold the tr
>» What about Josie and Liana?
»> Well, hold the trai
»> Well, hold the train
>» Well, hold the train
an
and
>» Well, hold the train
and I'
and I'd
>» Well, hold the train
and I'd be
and I'd be h
>» Well, hold the train
and I'd be hap
and I'd be happy
>» Well, hold the train
and I'd be happy t
and I'd be happy to
>» Well, hold the train
and I'd be happy to he
and I'd be happy to help
>» Well, hold the train
and I'd be happy to help.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Whe
>» Where
>» Where a
>» Where are
>» Where are y
>» Where are you
>» Where are you g
>» Where are you goi
>» Where are you going
>» Where are you going?
»>
»> T
>» Where are you going?
»> To
»> To se
>» Where are you going?
»> To see
»> To see th
>» Where are you going?
»> To see the
»> To see the Ad
>» Where are you going?
»> To see the Admi
»> To see the Admira
>» Where are you going?
»> To see the Admiral.
>» To see the Admiral.
We
We h
>» To see the Admiral.
We had
We had a
>» To see the Admiral.
We had an
We had an ag
>» To see the Admiral.
We had an agre
We had an agreem
>» To see the Admiral.
We had an agreemen
We had an agreement.
He
He v
We had an agreement.
He vio
He viola
We had an agreement.
He violate
He violated
We had an agreement.
He violated it
He violated it.
»>
»> A
He violated it.
»> And
»> And t
He violated it.
»> And the
»> And then
He violated it.
»> And then wh
»> And then what
He violated it.
»> And then what?
>» And then what?
We
We a
>» And then what?
We all
We all j
>» And then what?
We all jus
We all just
>» And then what?
We all just go
We all just go o
>» And then what?
We all just go off
We all just go off t
>» And then what?
We all just go off tog
We all just go off toget
>» And then what?
We all just go off togethe
We all just go off together
on
on t
We all just go off together
on the
on the t
We all just go off together
on the tra
on the train
We all just go off together
on the trains
on the trains to
We all just go off together
on the trains to s
on the trains to sav
We all just go off together
on the trains to save
on the trains to save hu
We all just go off together
on the trains to save huma
on the trains to save humani
We all just go off together
on the trains to save humanity
on the trains to save humanity?
♪
>»
>» A
>» Aga
>» Again
>» Again.
To
To s
>» Again.
To sav
To save
>» Again.
To save hu
To save huma
>» Again.
To save humani
To save humanity
>» Again.
To save humanity a
To save humanity aga
>» Again.
To save humanity again
To save humanity again,
>» Again.
To save humanity again, ye
To save humanity again, yes.
♪
>»
>» O
>» Oka
>» Okay.
I'
I'm
>» Okay.
I'm gu
I'm gues
>» Okay.
I'm guessi
I'm guessing
>» Okay.
I'm guessing t
I'm guessing tha
>» Okay.
I'm guessing that
I'm guessing that He
>» Okay.
I'm guessing that Head
I'm guessing that Headwo
>» Okay.
I'm guessing that Headwood
ha
has
I'm guessing that Headwood
has Li
has Lian
I'm guessing that Headwood
has Liana
has Liana an
I'm guessing that Headwood
has Liana and
has Liana and th
I'm guessing that Headwood
has Liana and they
has Liana and they'r
I'm guessing that Headwood
has Liana and they're
in
in a
has Liana and they're
in a c
in a cli
has Liana and they're
in a clini
in a clinic
has Liana and they're
in a clinic so
in a clinic some
has Liana and they're
in a clinic somewh
in a clinic somewher
has Liana and they're
in a clinic somewhere.
»>
»> T
in a clinic somewhere.
»> The
»> There
in a clinic somewhere.
»> There's
»> There's a
in a clinic somewhere.
»> There's an
»> There's an in
in a clinic somewhere.
»> There's an infi
»> There's an infirm
in a clinic somewhere.
»> There's an infirmar
»> There's an infirmary
in a clinic somewhere.
»> There's an infirmary on
»> There's an infirmary on e
in a clinic somewhere.
»> There's an infirmary on eve
»> There's an infirmary on every
>» There's an infirmary on every
ot
othe
>» There's an infirmary on every
other
other fl
>» There's an infirmary on every
other floo
other floor
>» There's an infirmary on every
other floor be
other floor begi
>» There's an infirmary on every
other floor beginn
other floor beginnin
>» There's an infirmary on every
other floor beginning
other floor beginning on
>» There's an infirmary on every
other floor beginning on 1
other floor beginning on 10-
>» There's an infirmary on every
other floor beginning on 10--
»>
»> 1
other floor beginning on 10--
»> 17.
♪
Th
The
The In
The Infi
The Infirm
The Infirmar
The Infirmary
The Infirmary is
The Infirmary is o
The Infirmary is on
The Infirmary is on fl
The Infirmary is on floo
The Infirmary is on floor
The Infirmary is on floor 17
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Bo
Both
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Both J
Both Jos
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Both Josie
Both Josie a
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Both Josie and
Both Josie and L
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Both Josie and Lia
Both Josie and Liana
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Both Josie and Liana a
Both Josie and Liana are
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Both Josie and Liana are t
Both Josie and Liana are the
The Infirmary is on floor 17.
Both Josie and Liana are there
Both Josie and Liana are there.
Ho
Hold
Both Josie and Liana are there.
Hold m
Hold my
Both Josie and Liana are there.
Hold my tr
Hold my trai
Both Josie and Liana are there.
Hold my trains
Hold my trains,
Both Josie and Liana are there.
Hold my trains, pl
Hold my trains, plea
Both Josie and Liana are there.
Hold my trains, please
Hold my trains, please!
♪
>»
>» I
>» I'm
>» I'm n
>» I'm not
>» I'm not h
>» I'm not hol
>» I'm not holdi
>» I'm not holding
>» I'm not holding s
>» I'm not holding shi
>» I'm not holding shit
>» I'm not holding shit fo
>» I'm not holding shit for
>» I'm not holding shit for hi
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»>
»> I
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»> I d
»> I don
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»> I don't
»> I don't k
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»> I don't kno
»> I don't know
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»> I don't know wh
»> I don't know what
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»> I don't know what's
»> I don't know what's h
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»> I don't know what's hap
»> I don't know what's happe
>» I'm not holding shit for him.
»> I don't know what's happeni
»> I don't know what's happening
>» I don't know what's happening
he
here
>» I don't know what's happening
here b
here but
>» I don't know what's happening
here but I
here but I d
>» I don't know what's happening
here but I don
here but I don't
>» I don't know what's happening
here but I don't l
here but I don't lik
>» I don't know what's happening
here but I don't like
here but I don't like it
>» I don't know what's happening
here but I don't like it.
♪
It's good to see you though.
Let's go find our people.
♪
>»
>» P
>» Pre
>» Prepa
>» Prepare
>» Prepare t
>» Prepare the
>» Prepare the c
>» Prepare the com
>» Prepare the compo
>» Prepare the compoun
>» Prepare the compound
fo
for
>» Prepare the compound
for tr
for tran
>» Prepare the compound
for transp
for transpor
>» Prepare the compound
for transport
for transport al
>» Prepare the compound
for transport alon
for transport along
wi
with
for transport along
with m
with my
for transport along
with my re
with my rese
for transport along
with my resear
with my research
for transport along
with my research.
♪
No
No,
No, no
No, no,
No, no, no
No, no, no,
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no.
Th
That
No, no, no, no.
That's
That's,
No, no, no, no.
That's, th
That's, that
No, no, no, no.
That's, that's
That's, that's M
No, no, no, no.
That's, that's Mel
That's, that's Melan
No, no, no, no.
That's, that's Melanie
That's, that's Melanies.
My
My,
That's, that's Melanies.
My, my
My, my d
That's, that's Melanies.
My, my dat
My, my data
That's, that's Melanies.
My, my data on
My, my data only
That's, that's Melanies.
My, my data only.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Til
>» Till:
>» Till: (
>» Till: (On
>» Till: (On r
>» Till: (On rad
>» Till: (On radio
>» Till: (On radio)
>» Till: (On radio) Ja
>» Till: (On radio) Javi
>» Till: (On radio) Javi,
it
it's
>» Till: (On radio) Javi,
it's T
it's Til
>» Till: (On radio) Javi,
it's Till.
Is
Is a
it's Till.
Is any
Is anyon
it's Till.
Is anyone
Is anyone th
it's Till.
Is anyone ther
Is anyone there?
♪
Ne
New
New Ed
New Eden
New Eden,
New Eden, co
New Eden, come
New Eden, come i
New Eden, come in.
»>
»> R
New Eden, come in.
»> Rut
»> Ruth:
New Eden, come in.
»> Ruth: T
»> Ruth: The
New Eden, come in.
»> Ruth: They'
»> Ruth: They're
New Eden, come in.
»> Ruth: They're p
»> Ruth: They're pro
New Eden, come in.
»> Ruth: They're proba
»> Ruth: They're probabl
New Eden, come in.
»> Ruth: They're probably
>» Ruth: They're probably
st
stil
>» Ruth: They're probably
still
still se
>» Ruth: They're probably
still sear
still search
>» Ruth: They're probably
still searchin
still searching
>» Ruth: They're probably
still searching fo
still searching for
>» Ruth: They're probably
still searching for bo
still searching for bomb
>» Ruth: They're probably
still searching for bombs.
»>
»> J
still searching for bombs.
»> Jus
»> Just
still searching for bombs.
»> Just wa
»> Just want
still searching for bombs.
»> Just wanted
»> Just wanted t
still searching for bombs.
»> Just wanted to
»> Just wanted to se
still searching for bombs.
»> Just wanted to see
»> Just wanted to see if
still searching for bombs.
»> Just wanted to see if t
»> Just wanted to see if the
still searching for bombs.
»> Just wanted to see if they
>» Just wanted to see if they
co
coul
>» Just wanted to see if they
could
could ge
>» Just wanted to see if they
could get
could get he
>» Just wanted to see if they
could get her
could get her on
>» Just wanted to see if they
could get her on t
could get her on the
>» Just wanted to see if they
could get her on the r
could get her on the rad
>» Just wanted to see if they
could get her on the radio
could get her on the radio.
(R
(Roo
could get her on the radio.
(Room
(Room di
could get her on the radio.
(Room din)
I
I wa
(Room din)
I want
I wanted
(Room din)
I wanted t
I wanted to
(Room din)
I wanted to he
I wanted to hear
(Room din)
I wanted to hear h
I wanted to hear her
(Room din)
I wanted to hear her v
I wanted to hear her voi
(Room din)
I wanted to hear her voice
I wanted to hear her voice.
I
I mi
I wanted to hear her voice.
I miss
I miss i
I wanted to hear her voice.
I miss it.
(R
(Roo
I miss it.
(Room
(Room di
I miss it.
(Room din)
Ho
How
(Room din)
How ba
How bad
(Room din)
How bad is
How bad is s
(Room din)
How bad is she
How bad is she,
(Room din)
How bad is she, Ru
How bad is she, Ruth
(Room din)
How bad is she, Ruth?
Re
Real
How bad is she, Ruth?
Really
Really?
(R
(Roo
Really?
(Room
(Room di
Really?
(Room din)
»>
»> S
(Room din)
»> She
»> She's
(Room din)
»> She's g
»> She's got
(Room din)
»> She's got b
»> She's got bur
(Room din)
»> She's got burn
»> She's got burn to
(Room din)
»> She's got burn to h
»> She's got burn to her
(Room din)
»> She's got burn to her f
»> She's got burn to her fac
(Room din)
»> She's got burn to her face
>» She's got burn to her face
an
and
>» She's got burn to her face
and he
and her
>» She's got burn to her face
and her ne
and her neck
>» She's got burn to her face
and her neck s
and her neck sim
>» She's got burn to her face
and her neck simil
and her neck similar
to
to t
and her neck similar
to the
to the o
and her neck similar
to the one
to the ones
and her neck similar
to the ones on
to the ones on y
and her neck similar
to the ones on you
to the ones on your
and her neck similar
to the ones on your ar
to the ones on your arm.
(Room din)
Sh
She
She do
She does
She doesn'
She doesn't
She doesn't wa
She doesn't want
She doesn't want a
She doesn't want any
She doesn't want any v
She doesn't want any vis
She doesn't want any visit
She doesn't want any visitor
She doesn't want any visitors,
bu
but
She doesn't want any visitors,
but yo
but you'
She doesn't want any visitors,
but you'll
but you'll c
She doesn't want any visitors,
but you'll cha
but you'll chang
She doesn't want any visitors,
but you'll change
but you'll change th
She doesn't want any visitors,
but you'll change that
but you'll change that.
(R
(Roo
but you'll change that.
(Room
(Room di
but you'll change that.
(Room din)
»>
»> A
(Room din)
»> And
»> And h
(Room din)
»> And her
»> And her l
(Room din)
»> And her lun
»> And her lungs
(Room din)
»> And her lungs?
>» And her lungs?
Sh
She
>» And her lungs?
She st
She stil
>» And her lungs?
She still
She still si
>» And her lungs?
She still sing
She still sing?
(Room din)
(Dynamic music plays)
♪ Take my heart ♪
♪ It used to be
so supple and sweet ♪
♪ And now it's
withered on the vine ♪
♪
♪ There's before ♪
♪ And then there's after ♪
>»
>» W
>» Wom
>» Woman
>» Woman:
>» Woman: (O
>» Woman: (On
>» Woman: (On ra
>» Woman: (On radi
>» Woman: (On radio)
>» Woman: (On radio) Pr
>» Woman: (On radio) Proj
>» Woman: (On radio) Projec
>» Woman: (On radio) Project
Ge
Gemi
>» Woman: (On radio) Project
Gemini
Gemini p
>» Woman: (On radio) Project
Gemini per
Gemini perso
>» Woman: (On radio) Project
Gemini personn
Gemini personnel
re
repo
Gemini personnel
report
report t
Gemini personnel
report to
report to fi
Gemini personnel
report to firs
report to first-
Gemini personnel
report to first-cl
report to first-clas
Gemini personnel
report to first-class.
(Indistinct chattering)
♪
>» Thank god!
>»
>» T
>» The
>» There
>» There's
>» There's s
>» There's so
>» There's so mu
>» There's so much
th
that
>» There's so much
that's
that's h
>» There's so much
that's hap
that's happe
>» There's so much
that's happene
that's happened.
♪
>» It's not safe here.
(S
(Scr
(Screa
(Screami
(Screaming
(Screaming,
(Screaming, th
(Screaming, thud
(Screaming, thuds)
(F
(Fig
(Screaming, thuds)
(Fight
(Fight d
(Screaming, thuds)
(Fight din
(Fight din)
»>
»> H
(Fight din)
»> Hey
»> Hey!
>» Hey!
Jo
Josi
>» Hey!
Josie!
Jo
Josi
Josie!
Josie,
Josie, h
Josie!
Josie, hey
Josie, hey!
Yo
You'
Josie, hey!
You're
You're o
Josie, hey!
You're oka
You're okay.
Josie, hey!
You're okay. I
You're okay. I f
Josie, hey!
You're okay. I fou
You're okay. I found
Josie, hey!
You're okay. I found y
You're okay. I found you
Josie, hey!
You're okay. I found you.
Yo
You'
You're okay. I found you.
You're
You're,
You're okay. I found you.
You're, yo
You're, you'
You're okay. I found you.
You're, you're
You're, you're b
You're okay. I found you.
You're, you're ble
You're, you're bleed
You're okay. I found you.
You're, you're bleedin
You're, you're bleeding.
»>
»> I
You're, you're bleeding.
»> I'm
»> I'm w
You're, you're bleeding.
»> I'm wha
»> I'm what?
>» I'm what?
»>
»> Y
>» I'm what?
»> Yea
»> Yeah.
>» Yeah.
Wh
What
>» Yeah.
What t
What the
>» Yeah.
What the h
What the hel
>» Yeah.
What the hell
What the hell ha
>» Yeah.
What the hell have
th
they
What the hell have
they d
they don
What the hell have
they done
they done to
What the hell have
they done to y
they done to you
What the hell have
they done to you?
»>
»> K
they done to you?
»> Kep
»> Kept
they done to you?
»> Kept ta
»> Kept taki
they done to you?
»> Kept taking
»> Kept taking m
they done to you?
»> Kept taking my
»> Kept taking my bl
they done to you?
»> Kept taking my bloo
»> Kept taking my blood
>» Kept taking my blood
ov
over
>» Kept taking my blood
over a
over and
>» Kept taking my blood
over and o
over and ove
>» Kept taking my blood
over and over
over and over an
>» Kept taking my blood
over and over and
pu
pump
over and over and
pumpin
pumping
over and over and
pumping it
pumping it b
over and over and
pumping it bac
pumping it back
over and over and
pumping it back in
pumping it back in a
over and over and
pumping it back in aga
pumping it back in again
over and over and
pumping it back in again.
Ju
Just
pumping it back in again.
Just a
Just ano
pumping it back in again.
Just anoth
Just another
pumping it back in again.
Just another e
Just another exp
pumping it back in again.
Just another exper
Just another experim
pumping it back in again.
Just another experimen
Just another experiment.
»>
»> I
Just another experiment.
»> I'm
»> I'm h
Just another experiment.
»> I'm her
»> I'm here,
Just another experiment.
»> I'm here, o
»> I'm here, oka
Just another experiment.
»> I'm here, okay.
>» I'm here, okay.
(P
(Pan
>» I'm here, okay.
(Panti
(Panting
>» I'm here, okay.
(Panting)
Do
Do y
(Panting)
Do you
Do you k
(Panting)
Do you kno
Do you know
(Panting)
Do you know wh
Do you know wher
(Panting)
Do you know where
th
they
Do you know where
they t
they too
Do you know where
they took
they took Li
Do you know where
they took Lian
they took Liana?
»>
»> H
they took Liana?
»> Hea
»> Head,
they took Liana?
»> Head, H
»> Head, Hea
they took Liana?
»> Head, Headw
»> Head, Headwoo
they took Liana?
»> Head, Headwood
»> Head, Headwood to
they took Liana?
»> Head, Headwood took
»> Head, Headwood took h
they took Liana?
»> Head, Headwood took her
»> Head, Headwood took her.
>» Head, Headwood took her.
»>
»> W
>» Head, Headwood took her.
»> Wom
»> Woman
>» Head, Headwood took her.
»> Woman:
»> Woman: (O
>» Head, Headwood took her.
»> Woman: (On
»> Woman: (On ra
>» Head, Headwood took her.
»> Woman: (On radi
»> Woman: (On radio)
>» Head, Headwood took her.
»> Woman: (On radio) Al
»> Woman: (On radio) All
>» Woman: (On radio) All
pr
proj
>» Woman: (On radio) All
projec
project
>» Woman: (On radio) All
project Ge
project Gemi
>» Woman: (On radio) All
project Gemini
bo
boar
project Gemini
boardi
boarding
project Gemini
boarding b
boarding beg
project Gemini
boarding begin
boarding begins
project Gemini
boarding begins no
boarding begins now.
»>
»> C
boarding begins now.
»> Can
»> Can y
boarding begins now.
»> Can you
»> Can you m
boarding begins now.
»> Can you mov
»> Can you move?
>» Can you move?
»>
»> T
>» Can you move?
»> The
»> The,
>» Can you move?
»> The, th
»> The, the
>» Can you move?
»> The, the tr
»> The, the trai
>» Can you move?
»> The, the train'
»> The, the train's
>» Can you move?
»> The, the train's ba
»> The, the train's back
>» Can you move?
»> The, the train's back.
>» The, the train's back.
»>
»> Y
>» The, the train's back.
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
>» The, the train's back.
»> Yeah, y
»> Yeah, yea
>» The, the train's back.
»> Yeah, yeah.
>» Yeah, yeah.
»>
»> A
>» Yeah, yeah.
»> Ale
»> Alert
>» Yeah, yeah.
»> Alert t
»> Alert the
>» Yeah, yeah.
»> Alert the j
»> Alert the jet
>» Yeah, yeah.
»> Alert the jetwa
»> Alert the jetway
>» Yeah, yeah.
»> Alert the jetway gu
»> Alert the jetway guar
>» Yeah, yeah.
»> Alert the jetway guards
»> Alert the jetway guards.
>» Alert the jetway guards.
Me
Mela
>» Alert the jetway guards.
Melani
Melanie
>» Alert the jetway guards.
Melanie Ca
Melanie Cavi
>» Alert the jetway guards.
Melanie Cavill
an
and
Melanie Cavill
and An
and Andr
Melanie Cavill
and Andre
and Andre La
Melanie Cavill
and Andre Layt
and Andre Layton
ar
are
and Andre Layton
are no
are not
and Andre Layton
are not to
are not to b
and Andre Layton
are not to boa
are not to board
and Andre Layton
are not to board t
are not to board tha
and Andre Layton
are not to board that
are not to board that tr
and Andre Layton
are not to board that trai
are not to board that train
un
unde
are not to board that train
under
under an
are not to board that train
under any
under any ci
are not to board that train
under any circ
under any circum
are not to board that train
under any circumst
under any circumstan
are not to board that train
under any circumstance
under any circumstances.
Do
Do y
under any circumstances.
Do you
Do you h
under any circumstances.
Do you hea
Do you hear?
(G
(Gun
Do you hear?
(Gun c
(Gun coc
Do you hear?
(Gun cocki
(Gun cocking
Do you hear?
(Gun cocking)
»>
»> L
(Gun cocking)
»> Lou
»> Loud
(Gun cocking)
»> Loud an
»> Loud and
(Gun cocking)
»> Loud and cl
»> Loud and clea
(Gun cocking)
»> Loud and clear.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Let
>» Let's
>» Let's g
>» Let's get
>» Let's get t
>» Let's get to
>» Let's get to (U
>» Let's get to (Unc
>» Let's get to (Uncle
>» Let's get to (Unclear
>» Let's get to (Unclear).
Mi
Mili
Milius
Milius i
Milius is
Milius is ru
Milius is rush
Milius is rushin
Milius is rushing
Milius is rushing to
Milius is rushing to l
Milius is rushing to lau
Milius is rushing to launc
Milius is rushing to launch.
I
I wa
Milius is rushing to launch.
I want
I want t
Milius is rushing to launch.
I want to
I want to fi
Milius is rushing to launch.
I want to find
I want to find N
Milius is rushing to launch.
I want to find Nim
I want to find Nima
Milius is rushing to launch.
I want to find Nima an
I want to find Nima and
Milius is rushing to launch.
I want to find Nima and te
I want to find Nima and tell
hi
him
I want to find Nima and tell
him I
him I do
I want to find Nima and tell
him I don'
him I don't
I want to find Nima and tell
him I don't th
him I don't thin
I want to find Nima and tell
him I don't think
him I don't think we
I want to find Nima and tell
him I don't think we'r
him I don't think we're
I want to find Nima and tell
him I don't think we're re
him I don't think we're read
I want to find Nima and tell
him I don't think we're ready.
»>
»> A
him I don't think we're ready.
»> Ale
»> Alex:
him I don't think we're ready.
»> Alex: W
»> Alex: Why
him I don't think we're ready.
»> Alex: Why d
»> Alex: Why do
him I don't think we're ready.
»> Alex: Why do yo
»> Alex: Why do you
him I don't think we're ready.
»> Alex: Why do you tr
»> Alex: Why do you trus
him I don't think we're ready.
»> Alex: Why do you trust
»> Alex: Why do you trust hi
him I don't think we're ready.
»> Alex: Why do you trust him?
>» Alex: Why do you trust him?
»>
»> I
>» Alex: Why do you trust him?
»> I d
»> I don
>» Alex: Why do you trust him?
»> I don't
»> I don't k
>» Alex: Why do you trust him?
»> I don't kno
»> I don't know
>» Alex: Why do you trust him?
»> I don't know th
»> I don't know that
>» Alex: Why do you trust him?
»> I don't know that I
»> I don't know that I d
>» Alex: Why do you trust him?
»> I don't know that I do.
>» I don't know that I do.
Th
That
>» I don't know that I do.
That's
That's w
>» I don't know that I do.
That's why
That's why I
>» I don't know that I do.
That's why I a
That's why I als
>» I don't know that I do.
That's why I also
wa
want
That's why I also
want t
want to
That's why I also
want to fi
want to find
That's why I also
want to find B
want to find Ben
That's why I also
want to find Ben.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Let
>» Let's
>» Let's g
>» Let's go!
>» Let's go! M
>» Let's go! Mov
>» Let's go! Move
>» Let's go! Move al
>» Let's go! Move alon
>» Let's go! Move along.
(K
(Kno
>» Let's go! Move along.
(Knock
(Knockin
>» Let's go! Move along.
(Knocking)
»>
»> W
(Knocking)
»> Wom
»> Woman
(Knocking)
»> Woman:
»> Woman: Gi
(Knocking)
»> Woman: Give
»> Woman: Give m
(Knocking)
»> Woman: Give me
»> Woman: Give me wa
(Knocking)
»> Woman: Give me wate
»> Woman: Give me water.
>» Woman: Give me water.
(K
(Kno
>» Woman: Give me water.
(Knock
(Knockin
>» Woman: Give me water.
(Knocking)
Gi
Give
(Knocking)
Give m
Give me
(Knocking)
Give me wa
Give me wate
(Knocking)
Give me water.
»>
»> W
Give me water.
»> Wha
»> What
Give me water.
»> What th
»> What the
Give me water.
»> What the he
»> What the hell
Give me water.
»> What the hell w
»> What the hell was
Give me water.
»> What the hell was t
»> What the hell was tha
Give me water.
»> What the hell was that?
>» What the hell was that?
Th
Ther
>» What the hell was that?
There
There wa
>» What the hell was that?
There was
There was a
>» What the hell was that?
There was a pe
There was a pers
>» What the hell was that?
There was a person
There was a person i
>» What the hell was that?
There was a person in
There was a person in th
>» What the hell was that?
There was a person in ther
There was a person in there.
»>
»> Y
There was a person in there.
»> You
»> You d
There was a person in there.
»> You did
»> You didn'
There was a person in there.
»> You didn't
»> You didn't kn
There was a person in there.
»> You didn't know
»> You didn't know?
>» You didn't know?
»>
»> N
>» You didn't know?
»> No.
>» No.
»>
»> T
>» No.
»> The
»> They
>» No.
»> They cu
»> They cut
>» No.
»> They cut of
»> They cut off
>» No.
»> They cut off co
»> They cut off comm
>» No.
»> They cut off commun
»> They cut off communic
>» No.
»> They cut off communicat
»> They cut off communicatio
>» No.
»> They cut off communication
>» They cut off communication
wi
with
>» They cut off communication
with t
with the
>» They cut off communication
with the t
with the tra
>» They cut off communication
with the train
with the train.
♪
Wh
What
What's
What's g
What's goi
What's going
What's going o
What's going on?
Wh
What
What's going on?
What i
What is
What's going on?
What is it
What is it?
»>
»> T
What is it?
»> The
»> There
What is it?
»> There's
»> There's a
What is it?
»> There's a l
»> There's a lot
What is it?
»> There's a lot o
»> There's a lot of
What is it?
»> There's a lot of ba
»> There's a lot of bad
What is it?
»> There's a lot of bad st
»> There's a lot of bad stuf
What is it?
»> There's a lot of bad stuff
>» There's a lot of bad stuff
th
that
>» There's a lot of bad stuff
that's
that's h
>» There's a lot of bad stuff
that's hap
that's happe
>» There's a lot of bad stuff
that's happene
that's happened,
>» There's a lot of bad stuff
that's happened, m
that's happened, mom
>» There's a lot of bad stuff
that's happened, mom.
♪
Be
Ben
Ben wa
Ben was
Ben was th
Ben was the
Ben was the on
Ben was the one
Ben was the one wh
Ben was the one who
Ben was the one who he
Ben was the one who help
Ben was the one who helped
Bi
Big
Ben was the one who helped
Big Al
Big Alic
Ben was the one who helped
Big Alice
Big Alice es
Ben was the one who helped
Big Alice esca
Big Alice escape
Ben was the one who helped
Big Alice escape.
♪
He
He u
♪
He unc
He uncou
♪
He uncoupl
He uncoupled
♪
He uncoupled h
He uncoupled her
♪
He uncoupled her..
He uncoupled her...
fr
from
He uncoupled her...
from S
from Sno
He uncoupled her...
from Snowp
from Snowpie
He uncoupled her...
from Snowpierc
from Snowpiercer
He uncoupled her...
from Snowpiercer..
from Snowpiercer...
»>
»> M
from Snowpiercer...
»> Mm-
»> Mm-hm
from Snowpiercer...
»> Mm-hmm.
>» Mm-hmm.
»>
»> .
>» Mm-hmm.
»> ...
»> ...ma
>» Mm-hmm.
»> ...manu
»> ...manual
>» Mm-hmm.
»> ...manually
»> ...manually.
♪
>»
>» M
>» Mm-
>» Mm-hm
>» Mm-hmm.
»>
»> B
>» Mm-hmm.
»> But
»> But h
>» Mm-hmm.
»> But he
»> But he di
>» Mm-hmm.
»> But he didn
»> But he didn't
>» Mm-hmm.
»> But he didn't m
»> But he didn't mak
>» Mm-hmm.
»> But he didn't make
»> But he didn't make it
>» Mm-hmm.
»> But he didn't make it b
»> But he didn't make it bac
>» Mm-hmm.
»> But he didn't make it back.
>» But he didn't make it back.
(S
(Sob
>» But he didn't make it back.
(Sobbi
(Sobbing
>» But he didn't make it back.
(Sobbing)
♪
I'm so sorry.
>»
>» W
>» We
>» We ne
>» We need
>» We need a
>» We need a h
>» We need a har
>» We need a hardl
>» We need a hardlin
>» We need a hardline
>» We need a hardline co
>» We need a hardline conn
>» We need a hardline connec
>» We need a hardline connecti
>» We need a hardline connection
to
to t
>» We need a hardline connection
to the
to the l
>» We need a hardline connection
to the lau
to the launc
>» We need a hardline connection
to the launch
to the launch ca
>» We need a hardline connection
to the launch car
to the launch car in
>» We need a hardline connection
to the launch car in a
to the launch car in add
>» We need a hardline connection
to the launch car in addit
to the launch car in additio
>» We need a hardline connection
to the launch car in addition
to the launch car in addition to
th
the
to the launch car in addition to
the re
the remo
to the launch car in addition to
the remote
the remote,
to the launch car in addition to
the remote, co
the remote, conf
to the launch car in addition to
the remote, config
the remote, configur
to the launch car in addition to
the remote, configured
the remote, configured t
to the launch car in addition to
the remote, configured to
the remote, configured to be
as
asyn
the remote, configured to be
asynch
asynchro
the remote, configured to be
asynchrono
asynchronous
the remote, configured to be
asynchronous,
asynchronous, if
the remote, configured to be
asynchronous, if n
asynchronous, if nec
the remote, configured to be
asynchronous, if neces
asynchronous, if necessa
the remote, configured to be
asynchronous, if necessary
asynchronous, if necessary.
Do
Do w
asynchronous, if necessary.
Do we
Do we ha
asynchronous, if necessary.
Do we have
Do we have a
asynchronous, if necessary.
Do we have an
Do we have an ET
asynchronous, if necessary.
Do we have an ETA
on
on t
Do we have an ETA
on the
on the A
Do we have an ETA
on the Adm
on the Admir
Do we have an ETA
on the Admiral
on the Admiral?
»>
»> H
on the Admiral?
»> He'
»> He's
on the Admiral?
»> He's at
»> He's atte
on the Admiral?
»> He's attend
»> He's attendin
on the Admiral?
»> He's attending
»> He's attending to
>» He's attending to
a
a pe
>» He's attending to
a pers
a person
>» He's attending to
a personal
a personal m
>» He's attending to
a personal mat
a personal matte
>» He's attending to
a personal matter.
»>
»> S
a personal matter.
»> Sin
»> Since
a personal matter.
»> Since y
»> Since you
a personal matter.
»> Since you'r
»> Since you're
a personal matter.
»> Since you're so
»> Since you're so g
a personal matter.
»> Since you're so goo
»> Since you're so good
>» Since you're so good
at
at f
>» Since you're so good
at fix
at fixin
>» Since you're so good
at fixing
at fixing th
>» Since you're so good
at fixing thin
at fixing things
>» Since you're so good
at fixing things,
I
I ne
at fixing things,
I need
I need y
at fixing things,
I need you
I need your
at fixing things,
I need your ex
I need your expe
at fixing things,
I need your expert
I need your expertis
at fixing things,
I need your expertise.
Ju
Just
I need your expertise.
Just a
Just a l
I need your expertise.
Just a lit
Just a littl
I need your expertise.
Just a little
Just a little he
I need your expertise.
Just a little heat
Just a little heatin
I need your expertise.
Just a little heating
Just a little heating is
I need your expertise.
Just a little heating issu
Just a little heating issue
I need your expertise.
Just a little heating issue on
a
a de
Just a little heating issue on
a deco
a decomm
Just a little heating issue on
a decommis
a decommissi
Just a little heating issue on
a decommission
a decommissioned
Just a little heating issue on
a decommissioned f
a decommissioned flo
Just a little heating issue on
a decommissioned floor
a decommissioned floor.
»>
»> T
a decommissioned floor.
»> Tha
»> That'
a decommissioned floor.
»> That's
»> That's th
a decommissioned floor.
»> That's the
»> That's the he
a decommissioned floor.
»> That's the helm
»> That's the helmet
a decommissioned floor.
»> That's the helmet?
>» That's the helmet?
»>
»> Y
>» That's the helmet?
»> Yes
»> Yes.
>» Yes.
I
I fo
>» Yes.
I forg
I forgot
>» Yes.
I forgot t
I forgot to
>» Yes.
I forgot to br
I forgot to brin
>» Yes.
I forgot to bring
I forgot to bring yo
>» Yes.
I forgot to bring you
I forgot to bring you on
>» Yes.
I forgot to bring you one.
So
Sorr
I forgot to bring you one.
Sorry.
♪
>»
>» T
>» The
>» The l
>» The lev
>» The level
>» The level o
>» The level of
>» The level of cr
>» The level of crue
>» The level of cruelt
>» The level of cruelty
de
dese
>» The level of cruelty
deserv
deserves
>» The level of cruelty
deserves t
deserves top
>» The level of cruelty
deserves top m
deserves top mar
>» The level of cruelty
deserves top marks
deserves top marks.
♪
>»
>» L
>» Lia
>» Liana
>» Liana!
He
Head
>» Liana!
Headwo
Headwood
>» Liana!
Headwood,
Headwood, gi
>» Liana!
Headwood, give
Headwood, give h
>» Liana!
Headwood, give her
Headwood, give her b
>» Liana!
Headwood, give her bac
Headwood, give her back.
♪
He
Head
Headwo
Headwood
Headwood,
Headwood, pl
Headwood, plea
Headwood, please
Headwood, please.
Yo
You
Headwood, please.
You kn
You know
Headwood, please.
You know w
You know wha
Headwood, please.
You know what
it
it's
You know what
it's l
it's lik
You know what
it's like
it's like to
You know what
it's like to l
it's like to los
You know what
it's like to lose
it's like to lose so
You know what
it's like to lose some
it's like to lose someon
You know what
it's like to lose someone.
»>
»> Y
it's like to lose someone.
»> You
»> You'v
it's like to lose someone.
»> You've
»> You've do
it's like to lose someone.
»> You've done
»> You've done e
it's like to lose someone.
»> You've done eno
»> You've done enoug
it's like to lose someone.
»> You've done enough
>» You've done enough
to
to o
>» You've done enough
to our
to our f
>» You've done enough
to our fam
to our famil
>» You've done enough
to our family
to our family al
>» You've done enough
to our family alre
to our family alread
>» You've done enough
to our family already.
»>
»> H
to our family already.
»> Hea
»> Headw
to our family already.
»> Headwoo
»> Headwood,
>» Headwood,
th
this
>» Headwood,
this i
this is
>» Headwood,
this is my
this is my d
>» Headwood,
this is my dau
this is my daugh
>» Headwood,
this is my daughte
this is my daughter.
Pl
Plea
this is my daughter.
Please
Please.
♪
>»
>» S
>» She
>» She's
>» She's b
>» She's bee
>» She's been
>» She's been a
>» She's been a tr
>» She's been a trem
>» She's been a tremen
>» She's been a tremendo
>» She's been a tremendous
>» She's been a tremendous h
>» She's been a tremendous hel
>» She's been a tremendous help
to
to u
>» She's been a tremendous help
to us
to us al
>» She's been a tremendous help
to us all.
♪
>»
>» H
>» Hey
>» Hey.
He
Hey
>» Hey.
Hey ba
Hey baby
>» Hey.
Hey baby.
He
Hey.
Hey
Hey go
Hey.
Hey gorg
Hey gorgeo
Hey.
Hey gorgeous
Hey gorgeous.
♪
He
Hey.
Yo
You
Hey.
You se
You see
Hey.
You see mo
You see momm
Hey.
You see mommy?
He
Hey.
♪
She's okay.
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's a
>» It's a sh
>» It's a sham
>» It's a shame
>» It's a shame re
>» It's a shame real
>» It's a shame really
>» It's a shame really.
Yo
You
>» It's a shame really.
You pa
You pain
>» It's a shame really.
You painte
You painted
>» It's a shame really.
You painted yo
You painted your
>» It's a shame really.
You painted your n
You painted your nam
>» It's a shame really.
You painted your name
You painted your name ac
>» It's a shame really.
You painted your name acro
You painted your name across
al
all
You painted your name across
all yo
all your
You painted your name across
all your t
all your tra
You painted your name across
all your train
all your trains.
An
And
all your trains.
And no
And now,
all your trains.
And now, y
And now, you
all your trains.
And now, you'l
And now, you'll
all your trains.
And now, you'll di
And now, you'll die
all your trains.
And now, you'll die do
And now, you'll die down
all your trains.
And now, you'll die down h
And now, you'll die down her
all your trains.
And now, you'll die down here
a
a no
And now, you'll die down here
a nobo
a nobody
And now, you'll die down here
a nobody.
Or
Or m
a nobody.
Or may
Or maybe
a nobody.
Or maybe..
Or maybe...
ma
mayb
Or maybe...
maybe
maybe yo
Or maybe...
maybe you'
maybe you'll
Or maybe...
maybe you'll m
maybe you'll mak
Or maybe...
maybe you'll make
maybe you'll make a
Or maybe...
maybe you'll make a be
maybe you'll make a beau
Or maybe...
maybe you'll make a beauti
maybe you'll make a beautifu
Or maybe...
maybe you'll make a beautiful
ho
hood
maybe you'll make a beautiful
hood o
hood orn
maybe you'll make a beautiful
hood ornam
hood ornamen
maybe you'll make a beautiful
hood ornament,
hood ornament, p
maybe you'll make a beautiful
hood ornament, pin
hood ornament, pinne
maybe you'll make a beautiful
hood ornament, pinned
hood ornament, pinned to
maybe you'll make a beautiful
hood ornament, pinned to t
hood ornament, pinned to the
fr
fron
hood ornament, pinned to the
front
front of
hood ornament, pinned to the
front of y
front of you
hood ornament, pinned to the
front of your
front of your pr
hood ornament, pinned to the
front of your prec
front of your precio
hood ornament, pinned to the
front of your precious
front of your precious t
hood ornament, pinned to the
front of your precious tra
front of your precious train
hood ornament, pinned to the
front of your precious train.
Th
The
front of your precious train.
The pa
The pain
front of your precious train.
The pain w
The pain won
front of your precious train.
The pain won't
The pain won't l
front of your precious train.
The pain won't las
The pain won't last
front of your precious train.
The pain won't last lo
The pain won't last long
front of your precious train.
The pain won't last long,
bu
but
The pain won't last long,
but th
but the
The pain won't last long,
but the en
but the enjo
The pain won't last long,
but the enjoym
but the enjoymen
The pain won't last long,
but the enjoyment
of
of w
but the enjoyment
of wat
of watch
but the enjoyment
of watchin
of watching
but the enjoyment
of watching yo
of watching you
but the enjoyment
of watching you fr
of watching you free
but the enjoyment
of watching you freeze
of watching you freeze t
but the enjoyment
of watching you freeze to
of watching you freeze to de
but the enjoyment
of watching you freeze to deat
of watching you freeze to death
wi
will
of watching you freeze to death
will l
will las
of watching you freeze to death
will last
will last me
of watching you freeze to death
will last me a
will last me a l
of watching you freeze to death
will last me a lif
will last me a lifet
of watching you freeze to death
will last me a lifetim
will last me a lifetime.
♪
What? Oh, shit.
>»
>» B
>» Ble
>» Bless
>» Bless y
>» Bless you
>» Bless you w
>» Bless you wit
>» Bless you with
yo
your
>» Bless you with
your c
your cot
>» Bless you with
your cotto
your cotton
>» Bless you with
your cotton so
your cotton sock
>» Bless you with
your cotton socks.
Yo
You
your cotton socks.
You do
You don'
your cotton socks.
You don't
You don't kn
your cotton socks.
You don't know
You don't know w
your cotton socks.
You don't know wha
You don't know what'
your cotton socks.
You don't know what's
You don't know what's ha
your cotton socks.
You don't know what's happ
You don't know what's happen
your cotton socks.
You don't know what's happenin
You don't know what's happening,
do
do y
You don't know what's happening,
do you
do you?
♪
I
I sp
I spen
I spent
I spent ye
I spent year
I spent years
I spent years pe
I spent years perf
I spent years perfec
I spent years perfecti
I spent years perfecting
I spent years perfecting a
I spent years perfecting a c
I spent years perfecting a col
I spent years perfecting a cold
tr
trea
I spent years perfecting a cold
treatm
treatmen
I spent years perfecting a cold
treatment,
treatment, s
I spent years perfecting a cold
treatment, so
treatment, so I'
I spent years perfecting a cold
treatment, so I'm
treatment, so I'm we
I spent years perfecting a cold
treatment, so I'm well
treatment, so I'm well a
I spent years perfecting a cold
treatment, so I'm well awa
treatment, so I'm well aware
th
that
treatment, so I'm well aware
that b
that by
treatment, so I'm well aware
that by no
that by now,
treatment, so I'm well aware
that by now, y
that by now, you
treatment, so I'm well aware
that by now, you'v
that by now, you've
treatment, so I'm well aware
that by now, you've lo
that by now, you've lost
treatment, so I'm well aware
that by now, you've lost y
that by now, you've lost you
treatment, so I'm well aware
that by now, you've lost your
vi
visi
that by now, you've lost your
vision
vision,
that by now, you've lost your
vision, as
vision, as t
that by now, you've lost your
vision, as the
vision, as the a
that by now, you've lost your
vision, as the aqu
vision, as the aqueo
that by now, you've lost your
vision, as the aqueous
vision, as the aqueous f
that by now, you've lost your
vision, as the aqueous flu
vision, as the aqueous fluid
in
in y
vision, as the aqueous fluid
in you
in your
vision, as the aqueous fluid
in your ey
in your eyes
vision, as the aqueous fluid
in your eyes s
in your eyes sol
vision, as the aqueous fluid
in your eyes solid
in your eyes solidif
vision, as the aqueous fluid
in your eyes solidifie
in your eyes solidifies.
Th
Thos
in your eyes solidifies.
Those
Those he
in your eyes solidifies.
Those heav
Those heavy
in your eyes solidifies.
Those heavy br
Those heavy brea
in your eyes solidifies.
Those heavy breath
Those heavy breaths
in your eyes solidifies.
Those heavy breaths mu
Those heavy breaths must
in your eyes solidifies.
Those heavy breaths must f
Those heavy breaths must fee
in your eyes solidifies.
Those heavy breaths must feel
li
like
Those heavy breaths must feel
like s
like sha
Those heavy breaths must feel
like shard
like shards
Those heavy breaths must feel
like shards of
like shards of g
Those heavy breaths must feel
like shards of gla
like shards of glass
Those heavy breaths must feel
like shards of glass t
like shards of glass tea
Those heavy breaths must feel
like shards of glass teari
like shards of glass tearing
at
at y
like shards of glass tearing
at you
at your
like shards of glass tearing
at your lu
at your lung
like shards of glass tearing
at your lungs.
♪
Yo
You
You wa
You want
You want t
You want to
You want to kn
You want to know
You want to know w
You want to know why
You want to know why m
You want to know why my
You want to know why my na
You want to know why my name
is
is o
You want to know why my name
is on
is on my
You want to know why my name
is on my t
is on my tra
You want to know why my name
is on my train
is on my train?
It
It's
is on my train?
It's b
It's bec
is on my train?
It's becau
It's because
is on my train?
It's because I
It's because I b
is on my train?
It's because I bui
It's because I built
is on my train?
It's because I built t
It's because I built the
is on my train?
It's because I built the a
It's because I built the arc
th
that
It's because I built the arc
that a
that act
It's because I built the arc
that actua
that actuall
It's because I built the arc
that actually
that actually sa
It's because I built the arc
that actually save
that actually saved
It's because I built the arc
that actually saved hu
that actually saved huma
It's because I built the arc
that actually saved humani
that actually saved humanity
It's because I built the arc
that actually saved humanity.
So
So d
that actually saved humanity.
So don
So don't
that actually saved humanity.
So don't c
So don't con
that actually saved humanity.
So don't confu
So don't confuse
that actually saved humanity.
So don't confuse u
So don't confuse us.
♪
Yo
Your
Your '
Your 'mi
Your 'miss
Your 'missio
Your 'mission'
Your 'mission' i
Your 'mission' is
Your 'mission' is a
Your 'mission' is a me
Your 'mission' is a mere
Your 'mission' is a merely
a
a ta
Your 'mission' is a merely
a talk
a talkin
Your 'mission' is a merely
a talking
a talking po
Your 'mission' is a merely
a talking poin
a talking point
Your 'mission' is a merely
a talking point in
a talking point in y
Your 'mission' is a merely
a talking point in you
a talking point in your
dr
drea
a talking point in your
dreadf
dreadful
a talking point in your
dreadfully
dreadfully i
a talking point in your
dreadfully ins
dreadfully insig
a talking point in your
dreadfully insigni
dreadfully insignifi
a talking point in your
dreadfully insignifica
dreadfully insignificant
a talking point in your
dreadfully insignificant l
dreadfully insignificant lif
a talking point in your
dreadfully insignificant life.
Im
Impo
Impost
Imposter
Imposter.
(C
(Chu
Imposter.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
Imposter.
(Chuckles)
An
And
(Chuckles)
And wh
And whil
(Chuckles)
And whilst
And whilst I
(Chuckles)
And whilst I a
And whilst I adm
(Chuckles)
And whilst I admir
And whilst I admire
yo
your
And whilst I admire
your d
your des
And whilst I admire
your desir
your desire
And whilst I admire
your desire fo
your desire for
And whilst I admire
your desire for po
your desire for powe
And whilst I admire
your desire for power.
your desire for power...
un
unfo
your desire for power...
unfort
unfortun
your desire for power...
unfortunat
unfortunatel
your desire for power...
unfortunately,
unfortunately, M
your desire for power...
unfortunately, Mil
unfortunately, Miliu
your desire for power...
unfortunately, Milius,
unfortunately, Milius, y
your desire for power...
unfortunately, Milius, you
unfortunately, Milius, your
re
reac
unfortunately, Milius, your
reach
reach ha
unfortunately, Milius, your
reach has
reach has ex
unfortunately, Milius, your
reach has exce
reach has exceed
unfortunately, Milius, your
reach has exceeded
reach has exceeded y
unfortunately, Milius, your
reach has exceeded you
reach has exceeded your
unfortunately, Milius, your
reach has exceeded your gr
reach has exceeded your gras
unfortunately, Milius, your
reach has exceeded your grasp.
♪
Call ahead to Snowpiercer.
Th
The
The tr
The trai
The train
The train go
The train goes
The train goes n
The train goes now
The train goes nowhe
The train goes nowhere
wi
with
The train goes nowhere
withou
without
The train goes nowhere
without it
without its
The train goes nowhere
without its cr
without its crea
The train goes nowhere
without its creato
without its creator.
♪
>»
>» S
>» Spe
>» Speak
>» Speaker
>» Speaker:
>» Speaker: (O
>» Speaker: (On
>» Speaker: (On sp
>» Speaker: (On spea
>» Speaker: (On speake
>» Speaker: (On speakers
>» Speaker: (On speakers)
Re
Requ
Reques
Requesti
Requesting
Requesting a
Requesting all
Requesting all P
Requesting all Pro
Requesting all Proje
Requesting all Project
Requesting all Project G
Requesting all Project Gem
Requesting all Project Gemin
Requesting all Project Gemini
pe
pers
Requesting all Project Gemini
person
personne
Requesting all Project Gemini
personnel
personnel an
Requesting all Project Gemini
personnel and
personnel and se
Requesting all Project Gemini
personnel and secu
personnel and securi
Requesting all Project Gemini
personnel and security
personnel and security f
Requesting all Project Gemini
personnel and security for
personnel and security force
Requesting all Project Gemini
personnel and security forces
bo
boar
personnel and security forces
board
board Sn
personnel and security forces
board Snow
board Snowpi
personnel and security forces
board Snowpier
board Snowpierce
personnel and security forces
board Snowpiercer
board Snowpiercer im
personnel and security forces
board Snowpiercer imme
board Snowpiercer immedi
personnel and security forces
board Snowpiercer immediat
board Snowpiercer immediatel
personnel and security forces
board Snowpiercer immediately.
(D
(Dra
board Snowpiercer immediately.
(Drama
(Dramati
board Snowpiercer immediately.
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
board Snowpiercer immediately.
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
>» It's safer downtrain.
>» Call the Silo again.
♪
Wh
What
What?
Wh
What
What?
What w
What was
What?
What was t
What was tha
What?
What was that?
»>
»> A
What was that?
»> A m
»> A mes
What was that?
»> A messa
»> A message
What was that?
»> A message f
»> A message fro
What was that?
»> A message from
»> A message from Wi
What was that?
»> A message from Wilf
»> A message from Wilfor
What was that?
»> A message from Wilford.
>» A message from Wilford.
Th
The
>» A message from Wilford.
The Ad
The Admi
>» A message from Wilford.
The Admira
The Admiral
>» A message from Wilford.
The Admiral wo
The Admiral won'
>» A message from Wilford.
The Admiral won't
The Admiral won't be
>» A message from Wilford.
The Admiral won't be j
The Admiral won't be joi
>» A message from Wilford.
The Admiral won't be joini
The Admiral won't be joining
>» A message from Wilford.
The Admiral won't be joining u
The Admiral won't be joining us.
♪
>»
>» I
>» I s
>» I see
>» I see.
I
I ad
>» I see.
I admi
I admire
>» I see.
I admire y
I admire you
>» I see.
I admire your
I admire your lo
>» I see.
I admire your loya
I admire your loyalt
>» I see.
I admire your loyalty
to
to A
I admire your loyalty
to Adm
to Admir
I admire your loyalty
to Admiral
to Admiral M
I admire your loyalty
to Admiral Mil
to Admiral Miliu
I admire your loyalty
to Admiral Milius.
Bu
But
to Admiral Milius.
But ju
But just
to Admiral Milius.
But just b
But just bec
to Admiral Milius.
But just becau
But just because
to Admiral Milius.
But just because h
But just because he
to Admiral Milius.
But just because he is
But just because he isn'
to Admiral Milius.
But just because he isn't
wi
with
But just because he isn't
with u
with us,
But just because he isn't
with us, d
with us, doe
But just because he isn't
with us, doesn
with us, doesn't
But just because he isn't
with us, doesn't m
with us, doesn't mea
But just because he isn't
with us, doesn't mean
hi
his
with us, doesn't mean
his mi
his miss
with us, doesn't mean
his missio
his mission
with us, doesn't mean
his mission is
his mission is o
with us, doesn't mean
his mission is ove
his mission is over.
We
We h
his mission is over.
We hav
We have
his mission is over.
We have a
We have a du
his mission is over.
We have a duty
We have a duty t
his mission is over.
We have a duty to
We have a duty to ca
his mission is over.
We have a duty to carr
We have a duty to carry
his mission is over.
We have a duty to carry it
th
thro
We have a duty to carry it
throug
through
We have a duty to carry it
through to
through to t
We have a duty to carry it
through to the
through to the e
We have a duty to carry it
through to the end
through to the end.
Fo
For
through to the end.
For us
For us..
through to the end.
For us...
an
and
For us...
and hu
and huma
For us...
and humani
and humanity
For us...
and humanity.
Un
Unle
and humanity.
Unless
Unless,
and humanity.
Unless, of
Unless, of c
and humanity.
Unless, of cou
Unless, of cours
and humanity.
Unless, of course,
yo
you'
Unless, of course,
you'd
you'd al
Unless, of course,
you'd all
you'd all li
Unless, of course,
you'd all like
you'd all like t
Unless, of course,
you'd all like to
you'd all like to li
Unless, of course,
you'd all like to live
you'd all like to live i
Unless, of course,
you'd all like to live in
th
the
you'd all like to live in
the Si
the Silo
you'd all like to live in
the Silo f
the Silo for
you'd all like to live in
the Silo forev
the Silo forever
you'd all like to live in
the Silo forever.
♪
Start the train.
>»
>» R
>» Ret
>» Retra
>» Retract
>» Retract t
>» Retract the
>» Retract the j
>» Retract the jet
>» Retract the jetwa
>» Retract the jetway.
»>
»> M
>» Retract the jetway.
»> Mak
»> Make
>» Retract the jetway.
»> Make yo
»> Make your
>» Retract the jetway.
»> Make your w
»> Make your way
>» Retract the jetway.
»> Make your way d
»> Make your way dow
>» Retract the jetway.
»> Make your way downt
»> Make your way downtra
>» Retract the jetway.
»> Make your way downtrain
»> Make your way downtrain.
>» Make your way downtrain.
If
If y
>» Make your way downtrain.
If you
If you f
>» Make your way downtrain.
If you fin
If you find
>» Make your way downtrain.
If you find Wi
If you find Wilf
>» Make your way downtrain.
If you find Wilfor
If you find Wilford,
>» Make your way downtrain.
If you find Wilford, o
If you find Wilford, or
>» Make your way downtrain.
If you find Wilford, or an
If you find Wilford, or any
ot
othe
If you find Wilford, or any
other
other ob
If you find Wilford, or any
other obst
other obstac
If you find Wilford, or any
other obstacle
other obstacles
If you find Wilford, or any
other obstacles to
other obstacles to t
If you find Wilford, or any
other obstacles to the
other obstacles to the m
If you find Wilford, or any
other obstacles to the mis
other obstacles to the missi
If you find Wilford, or any
other obstacles to the mission
other obstacles to the mission,
yo
you
other obstacles to the mission,
you de
you deal
other obstacles to the mission,
you deal w
you deal wit
other obstacles to the mission,
you deal with
you deal with th
other obstacles to the mission,
you deal with them
you deal with them..
other obstacles to the mission,
you deal with them...
th
the
you deal with them...
the wa
the way
you deal with them...
the way yo
the way you
you deal with them...
the way you no
the way you norm
you deal with them...
the way you normal
the way you normally
you deal with them...
the way you normally w
the way you normally wou
you deal with them...
the way you normally would
the way you normally would.
♪
>»
>» D
>» Did
>» Did y
>» Did you
>» Did you f
>» Did you fin
>» Did you finis
>» Did you finish
>» Did you finish wh
>» Did you finish what
Be
Ben
>» Did you finish what
Ben st
Ben star
>» Did you finish what
Ben starte
Ben started?
By
By m
Ben started?
By mak
By makin
Ben started?
By making
By making Ni
Ben started?
By making Nima
By making Nima's
Ben started?
By making Nima's c
By making Nima's com
Ben started?
By making Nima's compo
By making Nima's compoun
Ben started?
By making Nima's compound
By making Nima's compound sa
Ben started?
By making Nima's compound safe
By making Nima's compound safe.
»>
»> W
By making Nima's compound safe.
»> Wha
»> What
By making Nima's compound safe.
»> What ma
»> What make
By making Nima's compound safe.
»> What makes
»> What makes yo
By making Nima's compound safe.
»> What makes you
»> What makes you th
By making Nima's compound safe.
»> What makes you thin
»> What makes you think
>» What makes you think
it
it i
>» What makes you think
it isn
it isn't
>» What makes you think
it isn't?
»>
»> W
it isn't?
»> Wel
»> Well,
it isn't?
»> Well, I
»> Well, I'v
it isn't?
»> Well, I've
»> Well, I've be
it isn't?
»> Well, I've been
»> Well, I've been c
it isn't?
»> Well, I've been col
»> Well, I've been colle
it isn't?
»> Well, I've been collect
»> Well, I've been collectin
it isn't?
»> Well, I've been collecting
>» Well, I've been collecting
at
atmo
>» Well, I've been collecting
atmosp
atmosphe
>» Well, I've been collecting
atmospheri
atmospheric
>» Well, I've been collecting
atmospheric da
atmospheric data
>» Well, I've been collecting
atmospheric data f
atmospheric data fro
>» Well, I've been collecting
atmospheric data from
atmospheric data from Ne
>» Well, I've been collecting
atmospheric data from New
atmospheric data from New Ed
>» Well, I've been collecting
atmospheric data from New Eden
us
usin
atmospheric data from New Eden
using
using li
atmospheric data from New Eden
using live
using live s
atmospheric data from New Eden
using live sam
using live sampl
atmospheric data from New Eden
using live samples
using live samples.
♪
>»
>» H
>» How
>» How?
»>
»> I
>» How?
»> I u
»> I use
>» How?
»> I used
»> I used a
>» How?
»> I used a bi
»> I used a bird
>» I used a bird
as
as m
>» I used a bird
as my
as my sc
>» I used a bird
as my scie
as my scient
>» I used a bird
as my scientif
as my scientific
>» I used a bird
as my scientific c
as my scientific col
>» I used a bird
as my scientific colla
as my scientific collabo
>» I used a bird
as my scientific collabora
as my scientific collaborato
>» I used a bird
as my scientific collaborator.
(L
(Lau
as my scientific collaborator.
(Laugh
(Laughs)
I
I wa
(Laughs)
I was
I was se
(Laughs)
I was send
I was sendin
(Laughs)
I was sending
I was sending hi
(Laughs)
I was sending him
I was sending him to
(Laughs)
I was sending him to t
I was sending him to the
(Laughs)
I was sending him to the e
I was sending him to the edg
(Laughs)
I was sending him to the edge
of
of t
I was sending him to the edge
of the
of the p
I was sending him to the edge
of the poc
of the pocke
I was sending him to the edge
of the pocket
of the pocket ab
I was sending him to the edge
of the pocket abou
of the pocket about
si
six
of the pocket about
six to
six to e
of the pocket about
six to eig
six to eight
of the pocket about
six to eight t
six to eight tho
of the pocket about
six to eight thous
six to eight thousan
of the pocket about
six to eight thousand
six to eight thousand fe
of the pocket about
six to eight thousand feet
six to eight thousand feet.
An
And
six to eight thousand feet.
And on
And one
six to eight thousand feet.
And one da
And one day
six to eight thousand feet.
And one day he
And one day he f
six to eight thousand feet.
And one day he fel
And one day he fell
six to eight thousand feet.
And one day he fell ou
And one day he fell out
six to eight thousand feet.
And one day he fell out of
th
the
And one day he fell out of
the sk
the sky
And one day he fell out of
the sky an
the sky and
And one day he fell out of
the sky and he
the sky and he n
And one day he fell out of
the sky and he no
the sky and he no bl
And one day he fell out of
the sky and he no bloo
the sky and he no blood
And one day he fell out of
the sky and he no blood in
the sky and he no blood in h
And one day he fell out of
the sky and he no blood in him
the sky and he no blood in him.
Li
Like
the sky and he no blood in him.
Like i
Like it
the sky and he no blood in him.
Like it ev
Like it evap
the sky and he no blood in him.
Like it evapor
Like it evaporat
the sky and he no blood in him.
Like it evaporated
Like it evaporated.
♪
Sn
Snow
Snowpi
Snowpier
Snowpierce
Snowpiercer'
Snowpiercer's
Snowpiercer's le
Snowpiercer's leav
Snowpiercer's leavin
Snowpiercer's leaving.
»>
»> W
Snowpiercer's leaving.
»> We
»> We ha
Snowpiercer's leaving.
»> We have
»> We have t
Snowpiercer's leaving.
»> We have to
»> We have to fi
Snowpiercer's leaving.
»> We have to find
»> We have to find N
Snowpiercer's leaving.
»> We have to find Nim
»> We have to find Nima.
♪
>»
>» I
>» It'
>» It's
>» It's ok
>» It's okay
>» It's okay.
It
It's
>» It's okay.
It's j
It's jus
>» It's okay.
It's just
It's just us
>» It's okay.
It's just us h
It's just us her
>» It's okay.
It's just us here.
»>
»> H
It's just us here.
»> Hey
»> Hey,
It's just us here.
»> Hey, wh
»> Hey, what
It's just us here.
»> Hey, what's
»> Hey, what's t
It's just us here.
»> Hey, what's tha
»> Hey, what's that?
>» Hey, what's that?
Wh
What
>» Hey, what's that?
What y
What you
>» Hey, what's that?
What you g
What you got
>» Hey, what's that?
What you got t
What you got the
>» Hey, what's that?
What you got there
What you got there?
Le
Let
What you got there?
Let me
Let me s
What you got there?
Let me see
Let me see t
What you got there?
Let me see tha
Let me see that.
Wh
What
Let me see that.
What i
What is
Let me see that.
What is th
What is that
Let me see that.
What is that?
♪
>» She had an IV.
It
It w
It was
It was H
It was Hea
It was Headw
It was Headwoo
It was Headwood
It was Headwood ag
It was Headwood agai
It was Headwood again.
»>
»> N
It was Headwood again.
»> No,
»> No, i
It was Headwood again.
»> No, it
»> No, it wa
It was Headwood again.
»> No, it was
»> No, it was Wi
It was Headwood again.
»> No, it was Wilf
»> No, it was Wilfor
It was Headwood again.
»> No, it was Wilford.
>» No, it was Wilford.
»>
»> I
>» No, it was Wilford.
»> I w
»> I wan
>» No, it was Wilford.
»> I want
»> I want th
>» No, it was Wilford.
»> I want them
»> I want them b
>» No, it was Wilford.
»> I want them bot
»> I want them both
>» No, it was Wilford.
»> I want them both to
»> I want them both to r
>» No, it was Wilford.
»> I want them both to rot
>» I want them both to rot
in
in h
>» I want them both to rot
in hel
in hell.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» Thank
>» Thank g
>» Thank goo
>» Thank goodn
>» Thank goodnes
>» Thank goodness
>» Thank goodness yo
>» Thank goodness you
>» Thank goodness you ma
>» Thank goodness you made
>» Thank goodness you made i
>» Thank goodness you made it.
Bo
Both
>» Thank goodness you made it.
Both o
Both of
>» Thank goodness you made it.
Both of yo
Both of you.
»>
»> W
Both of you.
»> Wha
»> What
Both of you.
»> What ha
»> What happ
Both of you.
»> What happen
»> What happened
Both of you.
»> What happened t
»> What happened to
Both of you.
»> What happened to Mi
»> What happened to Mili
Both of you.
»> What happened to Milius
»> What happened to Milius?
>» What happened to Milius?
»>
»> I
>» What happened to Milius?
»> I d
»> I don
>» What happened to Milius?
»> I don't
»> I don't k
>» What happened to Milius?
»> I don't kno
»> I don't know
>» What happened to Milius?
»> I don't know th
»> I don't know the
>» What happened to Milius?
»> I don't know the sp
»> I don't know the spec
>» What happened to Milius?
»> I don't know the specif
»> I don't know the specific
>» What happened to Milius?
»> I don't know the specifics.
>» I don't know the specifics.
I
I be
>» I don't know the specifics.
I beli
I believ
>» I don't know the specifics.
I believe
I believe Wi
>» I don't know the specifics.
I believe Wilf
I believe Wilfor
>» I don't know the specifics.
I believe Wilford
I believe Wilford ha
>» I don't know the specifics.
I believe Wilford had
a
a ha
I believe Wilford had
a hand
a hand i
I believe Wilford had
a hand in
a hand in it
I believe Wilford had
a hand in it.
»>
»> A
a hand in it.
»> And
»> And w
a hand in it.
»> And whe
»> And where
a hand in it.
»> And where i
»> And where is
a hand in it.
»> And where is Wi
»> And where is Wilf
a hand in it.
»> And where is Wilfor
»> And where is Wilford
a hand in it.
»> And where is Wilford no
»> And where is Wilford now?
>» And where is Wilford now?
»>
»> S
>» And where is Wilford now?
»> Sti
»> Still
>» And where is Wilford now?
»> Still i
»> Still in
>» And where is Wilford now?
»> Still in th
»> Still in the
>» And where is Wilford now?
»> Still in the Si
»> Still in the Silo
>» And where is Wilford now?
»> Still in the Silo,
»> Still in the Silo, I
>» And where is Wilford now?
»> Still in the Silo, I as
»> Still in the Silo, I assu
>» And where is Wilford now?
»> Still in the Silo, I assume
»> Still in the Silo, I assume.
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»>
»> S
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»> So,
»> So, w
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»> So, who
»> So, who's
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»> So, who's r
»> So, who's run
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»> So, who's runni
»> So, who's running
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»> So, who's running t
»> So, who's running the
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»> So, who's running the E
»> So, who's running the Eng
>» Still in the Silo, I assume.
»> So, who's running the Engin
»> So, who's running the Engine?
>» So, who's running the Engine?
»>
»> M
>» So, who's running the Engine?
»> Mil
»> Miliu
>» So, who's running the Engine?
»> Milius'
»> Milius' s
>» So, who's running the Engine?
»> Milius' sol
»> Milius' soldi
>» So, who's running the Engine?
»> Milius' soldier
»> Milius' soldiers.
>» Milius' soldiers.
Bu
But
>» Milius' soldiers.
But I
But I am
>» Milius' soldiers.
But I am..
But I am...
we
we'v
But I am...
we've
we've di
But I am...
we've disc
we've discus
But I am...
we've discusse
we've discussed
But I am...
we've discussed it
we've discussed it..
But I am...
we've discussed it...
an
and
we've discussed it...
and th
and they
we've discussed it...
and they'r
and they're
we've discussed it...
and they're de
and they're dedi
we've discussed it...
and they're dedica
and they're dedicate
we've discussed it...
and they're dedicated
to
to t
and they're dedicated
to the
to the m
and they're dedicated
to the mis
to the missi
and they're dedicated
to the mission
to the mission.
»>
»> N
to the mission.
»> Nim
»> Nima.
to the mission.
»> Nima...
>» Nima...
wi
with
>» Nima...
with t
with the
>» Nima...
with the A
with the Adm
>» Nima...
with the Admir
with the Admiral
>» Nima...
with the Admiral g
with the Admiral gon
>» Nima...
with the Admiral gone,
Sn
Snow
with the Admiral gone,
Snowpi
Snowpier
with the Admiral gone,
Snowpierce
Snowpiercer
with the Admiral gone,
Snowpiercer is
Snowpiercer is m
with the Admiral gone,
Snowpiercer is my
Snowpiercer is my tr
with the Admiral gone,
Snowpiercer is my trai
Snowpiercer is my train.
»>
»> I
Snowpiercer is my train.
»> I w
»> I won
Snowpiercer is my train.
»> I won't
»> I won't d
Snowpiercer is my train.
»> I won't dis
»> I won't dispu
Snowpiercer is my train.
»> I won't dispute
»> I won't dispute t
Snowpiercer is my train.
»> I won't dispute tha
»> I won't dispute that.
>» I won't dispute that.
»>
»> G
>» I won't dispute that.
»> Goo
»> Good.
>» Good.
Th
Then
>» Good.
Then I
Then I d
>» Good.
Then I don
Then I don't
>» Good.
Then I don't w
Then I don't wan
>» Good.
Then I don't want
Wi
Wilf
Then I don't want
Wilfor
Wilford
Then I don't want
Wilford ab
Wilford aboa
Then I don't want
Wilford aboard
Wilford aboard.
An
And
Wilford aboard.
And I
And I wo
Wilford aboard.
And I woul
And I would
Wilford aboard.
And I would ap
And I would appr
Wilford aboard.
And I would apprec
And I would apprecia
Wilford aboard.
And I would appreciate
And I would appreciate i
Wilford aboard.
And I would appreciate it
And I would appreciate it if
Wilford aboard.
And I would appreciate it if y
And I would appreciate it if you
wo
woul
And I would appreciate it if you
would
would ca
And I would appreciate it if you
would call
would call a
And I would appreciate it if you
would call ahe
would call ahead
And I would appreciate it if you
would call ahead t
would call ahead to
And I would appreciate it if you
would call ahead to th
would call ahead to the
And I would appreciate it if you
would call ahead to the En
would call ahead to the Engi
And I would appreciate it if you
would call ahead to the Engine
an
and
would call ahead to the Engine
and te
and tell
would call ahead to the Engine
and tell t
and tell the
would call ahead to the Engine
and tell them
and tell them to
would call ahead to the Engine
and tell them to s
and tell them to sta
would call ahead to the Engine
and tell them to stand
and tell them to stand d
would call ahead to the Engine
and tell them to stand dow
and tell them to stand down.
♪
I
I wa
I want
I want y
I want you
I want you t
I want you to
I want you to se
I want you to secu
I want you to secure
I want you to secure t
I want you to secure the
I want you to secure the E
I want you to secure the Eng
I want you to secure the Engin
I want you to secure the Engine.
»>
»> W
I want you to secure the Engine.
»> Why
»> Why?
I want you to secure the Engine.
»> Why? I
»> Why? I wo
I want you to secure the Engine.
»> Why? I woul
»> Why? I would
I want you to secure the Engine.
»> Why? I would ra
»> Why? I would rath
I want you to secure the Engine.
»> Why? I would rather
»> Why? I would rather b
I want you to secure the Engine.
»> Why? I would rather be
»> Why? I would rather be he
I want you to secure the Engine.
»> Why? I would rather be here
»> Why? I would rather be here.
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»>
»> '
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»> 'Ca
»> 'Caus
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»> 'Cause
»> 'Cause yo
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»> 'Cause you'
»> 'Cause you're
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»> 'Cause you're t
»> 'Cause you're the
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»> 'Cause you're the o
»> 'Cause you're the onl
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»> 'Cause you're the only
»> 'Cause you're the only on
>» Why? I would rather be here.
»> 'Cause you're the only one
>» 'Cause you're the only one
th
that
>» 'Cause you're the only one
that I
that I t
>» 'Cause you're the only one
that I tru
that I trust
>» 'Cause you're the only one
that I trust.
I'
I'll
that I trust.
I'll b
I'll be
that I trust.
I'll be ri
I'll be righ
that I trust.
I'll be right
I'll be right be
that I trust.
I'll be right behi
I'll be right behind
that I trust.
I'll be right behind y
I'll be right behind you
that I trust.
I'll be right behind you.
»>
»> O
I'll be right behind you.
»> Oka
»> Okay.
♪
>»
>» A
>» Ale
>» Alex
>» Alex wi
>» Alex will
>» Alex will t
>» Alex will tak
>» Alex will take
>» Alex will take th
>» Alex will take the
>» Alex will take the he
>» Alex will take the helm
>» Alex will take the helm.
»>
»> O
>» Alex will take the helm.
»> Of
»> Of co
>» Alex will take the helm.
»> Of cour
»> Of course
>» Alex will take the helm.
»> Of course.
>» Of course.
Wi
With
>» Of course.
With M
With Mil
>» Of course.
With Miliu
With Milius
>» Of course.
With Milius go
With Milius gone
>» Of course.
With Milius gone,
With Milius gone, I
>» Of course.
With Milius gone, I ca
With Milius gone, I can
>» Of course.
With Milius gone, I can as
With Milius gone, I can assu
>» Of course.
With Milius gone, I can assure
yo
you
With Milius gone, I can assure
you th
you the
With Milius gone, I can assure
you the so
you the sold
With Milius gone, I can assure
you the soldie
you the soldiers
With Milius gone, I can assure
you the soldiers w
you the soldiers won
With Milius gone, I can assure
you the soldiers won't
you the soldiers won't s
With Milius gone, I can assure
you the soldiers won't sta
you the soldiers won't stand
in
in y
you the soldiers won't stand
in you
in your
you the soldiers won't stand
in your wa
in your way,
you the soldiers won't stand
in your way, A
in your way, Ale
you the soldiers won't stand
in your way, Alex.
»>
»> I
in your way, Alex.
»> I'l
»> I'll
in your way, Alex.
»> I'll se
»> I'll see
in your way, Alex.
»> I'll see yo
»> I'll see you
in your way, Alex.
»> I'll see you la
»> I'll see you late
in your way, Alex.
»> I'll see you later.
>» I'll see you later.
»>
»> O
>» I'll see you later.
»> Oka
»> Okay.
♪
>»
>» T
>» The
>» The t
>» The tra
>» The train
>» The train i
>» The train is
>» The train is no
>» The train is now
in
in s
>» The train is now
in saf
in safe
>» The train is now
in safe ha
in safe hand
>» The train is now
in safe hands.
»>
»> G
in safe hands.
»> Gem
»> Gemin
in safe hands.
»> Gemini
»> Gemini is
in safe hands.
»> Gemini isn'
»> Gemini isn't
in safe hands.
»> Gemini isn't re
»> Gemini isn't read
in safe hands.
»> Gemini isn't ready.
>» Gemini isn't ready.
We
We c
>» Gemini isn't ready.
We can
We can't
>» Gemini isn't ready.
We can't s
We can't sen
>» Gemini isn't ready.
We can't send
We can't send it
in
into
We can't send it
into t
into the
We can't send it
into the a
into the atm
We can't send it
into the atmos
into the atmosph
We can't send it
into the atmospher
into the atmosphere.
»>
»> W
into the atmosphere.
»> Wha
»> What
into the atmosphere.
»> What ar
»> What are
into the atmosphere.
»> What are yo
»> What are you
into the atmosphere.
»> What are you ta
»> What are you talk
into the atmosphere.
»> What are you talkin
»> What are you talking
into the atmosphere.
»> What are you talking ab
»> What are you talking abou
into the atmosphere.
»> What are you talking about?
>» What are you talking about?
Th
The
>» What are you talking about?
The nu
The numb
>» What are you talking about?
The number
The numbers
>» What are you talking about?
The numbers fa
The numbers fall
in
in a
The numbers fall
in acc
in accep
The numbers fall
in accepta
in acceptabl
The numbers fall
in acceptable
in acceptable ra
The numbers fall
in acceptable rang
in acceptable range.
»>
»> W
in acceptable range.
»> We
»> We ha
in acceptable range.
»> We have
»> We have n
in acceptable range.
»> We have new
»> We have new d
in acceptable range.
»> We have new dat
»> We have new data.
>» We have new data.
»>
»> W
>» We have new data.
»> Who
»> Whose
>» We have new data.
»> Whose d
»> Whose dat
>» We have new data.
»> Whose data?
>» Whose data?
»>
»> M
>» Whose data?
»> Min
»> Mine
>» Whose data?
»> Mine an
»> Mine and
>» Whose data?
»> Mine and Al
»> Mine and Alex
>» Whose data?
»> Mine and Alex's
»> Mine and Alex's.
♪
>»
>» T
>» Tha
>» That
>» That so
>» That soun
>» That sounde
>» That sounded
>» That sounded li
>» That sounded like
>» That sounded like a
>» That sounded like a b
>» That sounded like a bre
>» That sounded like a breac
>» That sounded like a breach.
»>
»> I
>» That sounded like a breach.
»> It
»> It ca
>» That sounded like a breach.
»> It can
»> It can on
>» That sounded like a breach.
»> It can only
»> It can only b
>» That sounded like a breach.
»> It can only be
»> It can only be th
>» That sounded like a breach.
»> It can only be the
»> It can only be the la
>» That sounded like a breach.
»> It can only be the last
»> It can only be the last c
>» That sounded like a breach.
»> It can only be the last car
»> It can only be the last car.
>» It can only be the last car.
»>
»> I
>» It can only be the last car.
»> It'
»> It's
>» It can only be the last car.
»> It's pr
»> It's prob
>» It can only be the last car.
»> It's probab
»> It's probably
>» It can only be the last car.
»> It's probably a
»> It's probably a s
>» It can only be the last car.
»> It's probably a sma
»> It's probably a small
>» It can only be the last car.
»> It's probably a small l
»> It's probably a small lea
>» It can only be the last car.
»> It's probably a small leak,
>» It's probably a small leak,
or
or a
>» It's probably a small leak,
or a m
or a mal
>» It's probably a small leak,
or a malfu
or a malfunc
>» It's probably a small leak,
or a malfuncti
or a malfunction
>» It's probably a small leak,
or a malfunction,
or a malfunction, or
>» It's probably a small leak,
or a malfunction, or s
or a malfunction, or som
>» It's probably a small leak,
or a malfunction, or somet
or a malfunction, or somethi
>» It's probably a small leak,
or a malfunction, or something
or a malfunction, or something.
♪
>»
>» I
>» I'l
>» I'll
>» I'll go
>» I'll go c
>» I'll go che
>» I'll go check
>» I'll go check i
>» I'll go check it
>» I'll go check it ou
>» I'll go check it out.
(A
(Ala
>» I'll go check it out.
(Alarm
(Alarm b
>» I'll go check it out.
(Alarm bla
(Alarm blari
>» I'll go check it out.
(Alarm blaring
(Alarm blaring)
(D
(Doo
(Alarm blaring)
(Door
(Door hi
(Alarm blaring)
(Door hiss
(Door hisses
(Alarm blaring)
(Door hisses)
(T
(Tra
(Door hisses)
(Train
(Train c
(Door hisses)
(Train chu
(Train churn
(Door hisses)
(Train churnin
(Train churning)
♪
>»
>» A
>» Ah,
>» Ah, g
>» Ah, goo
>» Ah, good
>» Ah, good ne
>» Ah, good news
>» Ah, good news.
Th
The
>» Ah, good news.
The Ad
The Admi
>» Ah, good news.
The Admira
The Admiral'
>» Ah, good news.
The Admiral's
The Admiral's de
>» Ah, good news.
The Admiral's dead
The Admiral's dead.
An
And
The Admiral's dead.
And we
And we b
The Admiral's dead.
And we bot
And we both
The Admiral's dead.
And we both ma
And we both made
th
the
And we both made
the tr
the trai
And we both made
the train
the train an
And we both made
the train anyw
the train anyway
And we both made
the train anyway.
(C
(Chu
the train anyway.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
the train anyway.
(Chuckles)
»>
»> Y
(Chuckles)
»> You
»> You c
(Chuckles)
»> You cam
»> You came
(Chuckles)
»> You came in
»> You came in f
(Chuckles)
»> You came in fro
»> You came in from
(Chuckles)
»> You came in from th
»> You came in from the
(Chuckles)
»> You came in from the ou
»> You came in from the outs
(Chuckles)
»> You came in from the outsid
»> You came in from the outside.
>» You came in from the outside.
»>
»> I
>» You came in from the outside.
»> I'v
»> I've
>» You came in from the outside.
»> I've ac
»> I've acqu
>» You came in from the outside.
»> I've acquir
»> I've acquired
>» I've acquired
a
a re
>» I've acquired
a resi
a resist
>» I've acquired
a resistan
a resistance
>» I've acquired
a resistance t
a resistance to
>» I've acquired
a resistance to th
a resistance to the
>» I've acquired
a resistance to the co
a resistance to the cold
>» I've acquired
a resistance to the cold,
mu
much
a resistance to the cold,
much l
much lik
a resistance to the cold,
much like
much like Jo
a resistance to the cold,
much like Josi
much like Josie
a resistance to the cold,
much like Josie an
much like Josie and
a resistance to the cold,
much like Josie and Li
much like Josie and Lian
a resistance to the cold,
much like Josie and Liana.
It
It's
much like Josie and Liana.
It's q
It's qui
much like Josie and Liana.
It's quite
It's quite t
much like Josie and Liana.
It's quite the
It's quite the s
much like Josie and Liana.
It's quite the sen
It's quite the sensa
much like Josie and Liana.
It's quite the sensati
It's quite the sensation
much like Josie and Liana.
It's quite the sensation.
»>
»> Y
It's quite the sensation.
»> You
»> You u
It's quite the sensation.
»> You use
»> You used
It's quite the sensation.
»> You used th
»> You used them
It's quite the sensation.
»> You used them.
>» You used them.
»>
»> I
>» You used them.
»> I g
»> I gav
>» You used them.
»> I gave
»> I gave th
>» You used them.
»> I gave them
»> I gave them a
>» You used them.
»> I gave them a g
»> I gave them a gif
>» You used them.
»> I gave them a gift,
>» I gave them a gift,
to
to h
>» I gave them a gift,
to hel
to help
>» I gave them a gift,
to help th
to help them
>» I gave them a gift,
to help them s
to help them sur
>» I gave them a gift,
to help them survi
to help them survive
th
this
to help them survive
this w
this wre
to help them survive
this wretc
this wretche
to help them survive
this wretched
this wretched wo
to help them survive
this wretched worl
this wretched world.
Yo
You
this wretched world.
You kn
You know
this wretched world.
You know t
You know the
this wretched world.
You know they'
You know they're
this wretched world.
You know they're b
You know they're bet
this wretched world.
You know they're bette
You know they're better
this wretched world.
You know they're better of
You know they're better off.
(R
(Rus
You know they're better off.
(Rustl
(Rustlin
You know they're better off.
(Rustling)
(G
(Gun
(Rustling)
(Gunsh
(Gunshot
(Rustling)
(Gunshot)
♪
(C
(Chu
(Chuck
(Chuckle
(Chuckles)
Al
All
(Chuckles)
All ri
All righ
(Chuckles)
All right.
Al
All
All right.
All ri
All righ
All right.
All right
All right th
All right.
All right then
All right then.
»>
»> I
All right then.
»> I r
»> I rea
All right then.
»> I read
»> I read Al
All right then.
»> I read Alex
»> I read Alex's
All right then.
»> I read Alex's r
»> I read Alex's res
All right then.
»> I read Alex's resea
»> I read Alex's researc
All right then.
»> I read Alex's research.
>» I read Alex's research.
»>
»> T
>» I read Alex's research.
»> The
»> The n
>» I read Alex's research.
»> The num
»> The numbe
>» I read Alex's research.
»> The numbers
»> The numbers t
>» I read Alex's research.
»> The numbers tha
»> The numbers that
>» I read Alex's research.
»> The numbers that I
»> The numbers that I pu
>» I read Alex's research.
»> The numbers that I pull
»> The numbers that I pulled
>» I read Alex's research.
»> The numbers that I pulled o
»> The numbers that I pulled off
>» The numbers that I pulled off
th
the
>» The numbers that I pulled off
the dr
the dron
>» The numbers that I pulled off
the drone
the drone sh
>» The numbers that I pulled off
the drone show
the drone show h
>» The numbers that I pulled off
the drone show hig
the drone show high
>» The numbers that I pulled off
the drone show high le
the drone show high leve
>» The numbers that I pulled off
the drone show high levels
of
of r
the drone show high levels
of rad
of radia
the drone show high levels
of radiati
of radiation
the drone show high levels
of radiation.
It
It's
of radiation.
It's e
It's exp
of radiation.
It's expon
It's exponen
of radiation.
It's exponenti
It's exponential
of radiation.
It's exponentially
It's exponentially w
of radiation.
It's exponentially wor
It's exponentially worse
of radiation.
It's exponentially worse t
It's exponentially worse tha
of radiation.
It's exponentially worse than
wh
when
It's exponentially worse than
when t
when the
It's exponentially worse than
when the o
when the ozo
It's exponentially worse than
when the ozone
when the ozone l
It's exponentially worse than
when the ozone lay
when the ozone layer
wa
was
when the ozone layer
was de
was dest
when the ozone layer
was destro
was destroye
when the ozone layer
was destroyed.
»>
»> I
was destroyed.
»> If
»> If it
was destroyed.
»> If it's
»> If it's t
was destroyed.
»> If it's the
»> If it's the n
was destroyed.
»> If it's the nos
»> If it's the noseb
was destroyed.
»> If it's the noseble
»> If it's the nosebleed
was destroyed.
»> If it's the nosebleeds
>» If it's the nosebleeds
yo
you'
>» If it's the nosebleeds
you're
you're w
>» If it's the nosebleeds
you're wor
you're worri
>» If it's the nosebleeds
you're worried
you're worried a
>» If it's the nosebleeds
you're worried abo
you're worried about
>» If it's the nosebleeds
you're worried about,
you're worried about, ou
>» If it's the nosebleeds
you're worried about, our
you're worried about, our sa
>» If it's the nosebleeds
you're worried about, our samp
you're worried about, our sample
nu
numb
you're worried about, our sample
number
numbers
you're worried about, our sample
numbers sh
numbers show
you're worried about, our sample
numbers show w
numbers show we'
you're worried about, our sample
numbers show we'll
numbers show we'll s
you're worried about, our sample
numbers show we'll sur
numbers show we'll survi
you're worried about, our sample
numbers show we'll survive
th
the
numbers show we'll survive
the to
the toxi
numbers show we'll survive
the toxici
the toxicity
numbers show we'll survive
the toxicity l
the toxicity lev
numbers show we'll survive
the toxicity level
the toxicity levels.
»>
»> N
the toxicity levels.
»> No,
»> No, y
the toxicity levels.
»> No, you
»> No, you'r
the toxicity levels.
»> No, you're
»> No, you're no
the toxicity levels.
»> No, you're not
»> No, you're not li
the toxicity levels.
»> No, you're not list
»> No, you're not listen
the toxicity levels.
»> No, you're not listenin
»> No, you're not listening.
>» No, you're not listening.
»>
»> L
>» No, you're not listening.
»> Let
»> Let's
>» No, you're not listening.
»> Let's b
»> Let's be
>» No, you're not listening.
»> Let's be ge
»> Let's be gent
>» No, you're not listening.
»> Let's be gentle
»> Let's be gentleme
>» No, you're not listening.
»> Let's be gentlemen
>» Let's be gentlemen
ab
abou
>» Let's be gentlemen
about
about th
>» Let's be gentlemen
about this
about this.
»>
»> Y
about this.
»> You
»> You d
about this.
»> You did
»> You did n
about this.
»> You did not
»> You did not j
about this.
»> You did not jus
»> You did not just
about this.
»> You did not just sa
»> You did not just say
>» You did not just say
"g
"gen
>» You did not just say
"gentl
"gentlem
>» You did not just say
"gentlemen
"gentlemen."
»>
»> I
"gentlemen."
»> I t
»> I tol
"gentlemen."
»> I told
»> I told yo
"gentlemen."
»> I told you
»> I told you wh
"gentlemen."
»> I told you wher
»> I told you where
"gentlemen."
»> I told you where to
»> I told you where to f
"gentlemen."
»> I told you where to fin
»> I told you where to find
>» I told you where to find
Jo
Josi
>» I told you where to find
Josie
Josie an
>» I told you where to find
Josie and
Josie and Li
>» I told you where to find
Josie and Lian
Josie and Liana.
Th
They
Josie and Liana.
They m
They mad
Josie and Liana.
They made
They made it
Josie and Liana.
They made it,
They made it, di
Josie and Liana.
They made it, didn
They made it, didn't
Josie and Liana.
They made it, didn't t
They made it, didn't the
Josie and Liana.
They made it, didn't they?
»>
»> I
They made it, didn't they?
»> If
»> If yo
They made it, didn't they?
»> If you
»> If you ha
They made it, didn't they?
»> If you have
»> If you have a
They made it, didn't they?
»> If you have any
»> If you have any l
They made it, didn't they?
»> If you have any las
»> If you have any last
They made it, didn't they?
»> If you have any last wo
»> If you have any last word
They made it, didn't they?
»> If you have any last words,
>» If you have any last words,
I
I wo
>» If you have any last words,
I woul
I would
>» If you have any last words,
I would sa
I would say
>» If you have any last words,
I would say th
I would say them
>» If you have any last words,
I would say them n
I would say them now
>» If you have any last words,
I would say them now.
»>
»> W
I would say them now.
»> Wel
»> Well,
I would say them now.
»> Well, t
»> Well, thi
I would say them now.
»> Well, this
»> Well, this is
I would say them now.
»> Well, this is h
»> Well, this is how
I would say them now.
»> Well, this is how y
»> Well, this is how you
I would say them now.
»> Well, this is how you w
»> Well, this is how you wan
I would say them now.
»> Well, this is how you want
»> Well, this is how you want it
>» Well, this is how you want it
to
to g
>» Well, this is how you want it
to go,
to go, t
>» Well, this is how you want it
to go, the
to go, then?
Mu
Murd
to go, then?
Murder
Murderin
to go, then?
Murdering
Murdering a
to go, then?
Murdering a de
Murdering a defe
to go, then?
Murdering a defens
Murdering a defensel
to go, then?
Murdering a defenseles
Murdering a defenseless
to go, then?
Murdering a defenseless ma
Murdering a defenseless man
in
in c
Murdering a defenseless man
in col
in cold
Murdering a defenseless man
in cold bl
in cold bloo
Murdering a defenseless man
in cold blood,
in cold blood, j
Murdering a defenseless man
in cold blood, jus
in cold blood, just
Murdering a defenseless man
in cold blood, just st
in cold blood, just step
Murdering a defenseless man
in cold blood, just steps
in cold blood, just steps aw
Murdering a defenseless man
in cold blood, just steps away
fr
from
in cold blood, just steps away
from t
from the
in cold blood, just steps away
from the w
from the wom
in cold blood, just steps away
from the woman
from the woman y
in cold blood, just steps away
from the woman you
from the woman you l
in cold blood, just steps away
from the woman you lov
from the woman you love
an
and
from the woman you love
and yo
and your
from the woman you love
and your d
and your dau
from the woman you love
and your daugh
and your daughte
from the woman you love
and your daughter?
Ye
Yes.
My
My t
Yes.
My tra
My train
Yes.
My train g
My train gav
Yes.
My train gave
My train gave yo
Yes.
My train gave you
th
that
My train gave you
that o
that opp
My train gave you
that oppor
that opportu
My train gave you
that opportuni
that opportunity
My train gave you
that opportunity.
To
To l
that opportunity.
To liv
To live
that opportunity.
To live on
To live on,
that opportunity.
To live on, to
To live on, to b
that opportunity.
To live on, to bec
To live on, to becom
that opportunity.
To live on, to become
To live on, to become a
that opportunity.
To live on, to become a fa
To live on, to become a fath
that opportunity.
To live on, to become a father
To live on, to become a father,
wh
whic
To live on, to become a father,
which
which ch
To live on, to become a father,
which chan
which change
To live on, to become a father,
which changed
which changed yo
To live on, to become a father,
which changed you
fo
for
which changed you
for th
for the
which changed you
for the be
for the bett
which changed you
for the better
for the better.
Yo
You
for the better.
You do
You don'
for the better.
You don't
You don't wa
for the better.
You don't want
You don't want t
for the better.
You don't want to
do
do t
You don't want to
do thi
do this,
You don't want to
do this, L
do this, Lay
You don't want to
do this, Layto
do this, Layton.
♪
>» Yeah, I do.
>»
>» G
>» Gem
>» Gemin
>» Gemini
>» Gemini do
>» Gemini does
>» Gemini doesn'
>» Gemini doesn't
>» Gemini doesn't ju
>» Gemini doesn't just
co
coun
>» Gemini doesn't just
counte
countera
>» Gemini doesn't just
counteract
counteract C
>» Gemini doesn't just
counteract CW-
counteract CW-7.
It
It e
counteract CW-7.
It ero
It erode
counteract CW-7.
It erodes
It erodes th
counteract CW-7.
It erodes the
It erodes the at
counteract CW-7.
It erodes the atmo
It erodes the atmosp
counteract CW-7.
It erodes the atmosphe
It erodes the atmosphere
in
in t
It erodes the atmosphere
in the
in the p
It erodes the atmosphere
in the pro
in the proce
It erodes the atmosphere
in the process
in the process.
»>
»> N
in the process.
»> No,
»> No, t
in the process.
»> No, tha
»> No, that'
in the process.
»> No, that's
»> No, that's no
in the process.
»> No, that's not
»> No, that's not tr
in the process.
»> No, that's not true
»> No, that's not true.
>» No, that's not true.
It
It's
>» No, that's not true.
It's b
It's bee
>» No, that's not true.
It's been
It's been te
>» No, that's not true.
It's been test
It's been tested
>» No, that's not true.
It's been tested.
»>
»> N
It's been tested.
»> Not
»> Not a
It's been tested.
»> Not at
»> Not at al
It's been tested.
»> Not at alti
»> Not at altitu
It's been tested.
»> Not at altitude
>» Not at altitude
wi
with
>» Not at altitude
with l
with liv
>» Not at altitude
with live
with live sa
>» Not at altitude
with live samp
with live sample
>» Not at altitude
with live samples.
Th
The
with live samples.
The Ge
The Gemi
with live samples.
The Gemini
The Gemini s
with live samples.
The Gemini spr
The Gemini sprea
with live samples.
The Gemini spreads
The Gemini spreads,
ra
radi
The Gemini spreads,
radiat
radiatio
The Gemini spreads,
radiation
radiation sk
The Gemini spreads,
radiation skyr
radiation skyroc
The Gemini spreads,
radiation skyrocke
radiation skyrockets
The Gemini spreads,
radiation skyrockets.
Br
Brea
radiation skyrockets.
Breath
Breathab
radiation skyrockets.
Breathable
Breathable o
radiation skyrockets.
Breathable oxy
Breathable oxyge
radiation skyrockets.
Breathable oxygen'
Breathable oxygen's
radiation skyrockets.
Breathable oxygen's de
Breathable oxygen's depl
radiation skyrockets.
Breathable oxygen's deplet
Breathable oxygen's depleted
radiation skyrockets.
Breathable oxygen's depleted.
We
We a
Breathable oxygen's depleted.
We all
We all d
Breathable oxygen's depleted.
We all die
We all die.
»>
»> A
We all die.
»> As
»> As a
We all die.
»> As a ma
»> As a man
We all die.
»> As a man of
»> As a man of h
We all die.
»> As a man of hon
»> As a man of honou
We all die.
»> As a man of honour.
»> As a man of honour...
>» As a man of honour...
pe
perh
>» As a man of honour...
perhap
perhaps
>» As a man of honour...
perhaps yo
perhaps you'
>» As a man of honour...
perhaps you'd
perhaps you'd gr
>» As a man of honour...
perhaps you'd gran
perhaps you'd grant
th
the
perhaps you'd grant
the co
the cond
perhaps you'd grant
the condem
the condemne
perhaps you'd grant
the condemned.
the condemned...
a
a la
the condemned...
a last
a last r
the condemned...
a last req
a last reque
the condemned...
a last request
a last request?
♪
On
One
One fi
One fina
One final.
One final...
hu
huma
One final...
human
human pl
One final...
human plea
human pleasu
One final...
human pleasure
human pleasure.
♪
(Train churning)
Ru
Rumo
Rumour
Rumour h
Rumour has
Rumour has i
Rumour has it,
Rumour has it, t
Rumour has it, the
Rumour has it, the c
Rumour has it, the cig
Rumour has it, the cigar
me
mean
Rumour has it, the cigar
meant
meant fo
Rumour has it, the cigar
meant for
meant for Fi
Rumour has it, the cigar
meant for Fide
meant for Fidel
Rumour has it, the cigar
meant for Fidel Ca
meant for Fidel Cast
Rumour has it, the cigar
meant for Fidel Castro
meant for Fidel Castro w
Rumour has it, the cigar
meant for Fidel Castro was
meant for Fidel Castro was l
Rumour has it, the cigar
meant for Fidel Castro was lac
meant for Fidel Castro was laced
wi
with
meant for Fidel Castro was laced
with a
with a b
meant for Fidel Castro was laced
with a bot
with a botul
meant for Fidel Castro was laced
with a botulin
with a botulinum
meant for Fidel Castro was laced
with a botulinum t
with a botulinum tox
meant for Fidel Castro was laced
with a botulinum toxin
with a botulinum toxin.
No
Now
with a botulinum toxin.
Now pe
Now pers
with a botulinum toxin.
Now person
Now personal
with a botulinum toxin.
Now personally
Now personally,
with a botulinum toxin.
Now personally, I'
Now personally, I'd
with a botulinum toxin.
Now personally, I'd pr
Now personally, I'd pref
with a botulinum toxin.
Now personally, I'd prefer
on
one
Now personally, I'd prefer
one of
one of D
Now personally, I'd prefer
one of Dr.
one of Dr. H
Now personally, I'd prefer
one of Dr. Hea
one of Dr. Headw
Now personally, I'd prefer
one of Dr. Headwoo
one of Dr. Headwood'
Now personally, I'd prefer
one of Dr. Headwood's
de
dead
one of Dr. Headwood's
deadly
deadly c
one of Dr. Headwood's
deadly con
deadly conco
one of Dr. Headwood's
deadly concoct
deadly concoctio
one of Dr. Headwood's
deadly concoctions
ov
over
deadly concoctions
over t
over the
deadly concoctions
over the C
over the CIA
deadly concoctions
over the CIA a
over the CIA any
deadly concoctions
over the CIA any d
over the CIA any day
deadly concoctions
over the CIA any day..
over the CIA any day...
(C
(Chu
over the CIA any day...
(Chuck
(Chuckle
over the CIA any day...
(Chuckles)
♪
>» A poison blunt.
>»
>» Y
>» You
>» You'r
>» You're
>» You're ba
>» You're basi
>» You're basing
>» You're basing a
>» You're basing all
>» You're basing all o
>» You're basing all of
>» You're basing all of th
>» You're basing all of this
on
on s
>» You're basing all of this
on sam
on same
>» You're basing all of this
on same fl
on same flaw
>» You're basing all of this
on same flawed
on same flawed n
>» You're basing all of this
on same flawed num
on same flawed numbe
>» You're basing all of this
on same flawed numbers
fr
from
on same flawed numbers
from a
from a g
on same flawed numbers
from a gir
from a girl
on same flawed numbers
from a girl an
from a girl and
on same flawed numbers
from a girl and he
from a girl and her
on same flawed numbers
from a girl and her pe
from a girl and her pet
on same flawed numbers
from a girl and her pet bi
from a girl and her pet bird
on same flawed numbers
from a girl and her pet bird?
At
Atmo
from a girl and her pet bird?
Atmosp
Atmosphe
from a girl and her pet bird?
Atmospheri
Atmospheric
from a girl and her pet bird?
Atmospheric er
Atmospheric eros
from a girl and her pet bird?
Atmospheric erosio
Atmospheric erosion
is
is a
Atmospheric erosion
is an
is an an
Atmospheric erosion
is an anom
is an anomal
Atmospheric erosion
is an anomaly
is an anomaly ex
Atmospheric erosion
is an anomaly expe
is an anomaly expect
Atmospheric erosion
is an anomaly expected
at
at h
is an anomaly expected
at hig
at high
is an anomaly expected
at high al
at high alti
is an anomaly expected
at high altitu
at high altitude
is an anomaly expected
at high altitudes.
»>
»> T
at high altitudes.
»> The
»> These
at high altitudes.
»> These a
»> These are
at high altitudes.
»> These aren'
»> These aren't
at high altitudes.
»> These aren't an
»> These aren't anom
at high altitudes.
»> These aren't anomal
»> These aren't anomalie
at high altitudes.
»> These aren't anomalies.
>» These aren't anomalies.
Th
Thes
>» These aren't anomalies.
These
These ar
>» These aren't anomalies.
These are
These are mu
>» These aren't anomalies.
These are mult
These are multip
>» These aren't anomalies.
These are multiple
These are multiple r
>» These aren't anomalies.
These are multiple rea
These are multiple readi
>» These aren't anomalies.
These are multiple reading
These are multiple readings
ov
over
These are multiple readings
over s
over sev
These are multiple readings
over sever
over several
These are multiple readings
over several m
over several mon
These are multiple readings
over several month
over several months
fr
from
over several months
from i
from ind
over several months
from indep
from indepen
over several months
from independe
from independent
over several months
from independent s
from independent sou
over several months
from independent sourc
from independent sources
over several months
from independent sources.
»>
»> O
from independent sources.
»> Oh,
»> Oh, "
from independent sources.
»> Oh, "in
»> Oh, "inde
from independent sources.
»> Oh, "indepe
»> Oh, "independ
from independent sources.
»> Oh, "independen
»> Oh, "independent
from independent sources.
»> Oh, "independent so
»> Oh, "independent sour
from independent sources.
»> Oh, "independent source
»> Oh, "independent sources.
from independent sources.
»> Oh, "independent sources."
>» Oh, "independent sources."
Ha
Have
>» Oh, "independent sources."
Have y
Have you
>» Oh, "independent sources."
Have you e
Have you eve
>» Oh, "independent sources."
Have you ever
Have you ever he
>» Oh, "independent sources."
Have you ever hear
Have you ever heard
>» Oh, "independent sources."
Have you ever heard of
ju
junk
Have you ever heard of
junk d
junk dat
Have you ever heard of
junk data?
»>
»> Y
junk data?
»> Yea
»> Yeah,
junk data?
»> Yeah, I
»> Yeah, I h
junk data?
»> Yeah, I hav
»> Yeah, I have,
junk data?
»> Yeah, I have, a
»> Yeah, I have, and
junk data?
»> Yeah, I have, and t
»> Yeah, I have, and the
junk data?
»> Yeah, I have, and they
»> Yeah, I have, and they ca
junk data?
»> Yeah, I have, and they call
»> Yeah, I have, and they called
>» Yeah, I have, and they called
ea
earl
>» Yeah, I have, and they called
early
early re
>» Yeah, I have, and they called
early read
early readin
>» Yeah, I have, and they called
early readings
early readings o
>» Yeah, I have, and they called
early readings of
th
the
early readings of
the oz
the ozon
early readings of
the ozone
the ozone la
early readings of
the ozone laye
the ozone layer
early readings of
the ozone layer ju
the ozone layer junk
early readings of
the ozone layer junk d
the ozone layer junk dat
early readings of
the ozone layer junk data
the ozone layer junk data to
early readings of
the ozone layer junk data too.
»>
»> T
the ozone layer junk data too.
»> Thi
»> This
the ozone layer junk data too.
»> This wa
»> This way.
the ozone layer junk data too.
»> This way...
>» This way...
yo
you
>» This way...
you ca
you can
>» This way...
you can sl
you can slow
>» This way...
you can slowly
you can slowly e
>» This way...
you can slowly enj
you can slowly enjoy
my
my d
you can slowly enjoy
my des
my desce
you can slowly enjoy
my descent
my descent t
you can slowly enjoy
my descent to
my descent to th
you can slowly enjoy
my descent to the
my descent to the da
you can slowly enjoy
my descent to the dark
my descent to the dark s
you can slowly enjoy
my descent to the dark sid
my descent to the dark side.
you can slowly enjoy
my descent to the dark side...
an
and
my descent to the dark side...
and wo
and wond
my descent to the dark side...
and wonder
and wonder w
my descent to the dark side...
and wonder wha
and wonder what
my descent to the dark side...
and wonder what my
and wonder what myst
my descent to the dark side...
and wonder what myster
and wonder what mystery
aw
awai
and wonder what mystery
awaits
awaits y
and wonder what mystery
awaits you
awaits you n
and wonder what mystery
awaits you nex
awaits you next.
»>
»> I
awaits you next.
»> It'
»> It's
awaits you next.
»> It's no
»> It's no m
awaits you next.
»> It's no mys
»> It's no myste
awaits you next.
»> It's no mystery
»> It's no mystery.
>» It's no mystery.
We
We l
>» It's no mystery.
We liv
We live.
We
We s
We live.
We suf
We suffe
We live.
We suffer.
We
We d
We suffer.
We die
We die.
»>
»> Y
We die.
»> You
»> You'r
We die.
»> You're
»> You're Bu
We die.
»> You're Budd
»> You're Buddhi
We die.
»> You're Buddhist
»> You're Buddhist.
>» You're Buddhist.
»>
»> I
>» You're Buddhist.
»> I'm
»> I'm j
>» You're Buddhist.
»> I'm jus
»> I'm just
>» You're Buddhist.
»> I'm just a
»> I'm just a re
>» You're Buddhist.
»> I'm just a real
»> I'm just a realis
>» You're Buddhist.
»> I'm just a realist.
>» I'm just a realist.
»>
»> W
>» I'm just a realist.
»> We
»> We do
>» I'm just a realist.
»> We don'
»> We don't
>» I'm just a realist.
»> We don't ne
»> We don't need
>» We don't need
an
any
>» We don't need
any fu
any furt
>» We don't need
any furthe
any further
>» We don't need
any further tr
any further tria
>» We don't need
any further trials
any further trials.
Th
This
any further trials.
This w
This wil
any further trials.
This will
This will wo
any further trials.
This will work
This will work.
Ne
New
This will work.
New Ed
New Eden
This will work.
New Eden p
New Eden pro
This will work.
New Eden prove
New Eden proves
This will work.
New Eden proves th
New Eden proves that
This will work.
New Eden proves that.
»>
»> N
New Eden proves that.
»> New
»> New E
New Eden proves that.
»> New Ede
»> New Eden'
New Eden proves that.
»> New Eden's
»> New Eden's a
New Eden proves that.
»> New Eden's a mi
»> New Eden's a mira
New Eden proves that.
»> New Eden's a mirage
»> New Eden's a mirage.
>» New Eden's a mirage.
If
If y
>» New Eden's a mirage.
If you
If you t
>» New Eden's a mirage.
If you try
If you try t
>» New Eden's a mirage.
If you try to
If you try to re
>» New Eden's a mirage.
If you try to repl
If you try to replic
>» New Eden's a mirage.
If you try to replicat
If you try to replicate
>» New Eden's a mirage.
If you try to replicate it
us
usin
If you try to replicate it
using
using th
If you try to replicate it
using this
using this v
If you try to replicate it
using this var
using this varia
If you try to replicate it
using this variant
using this variant o
If you try to replicate it
using this variant of
using this variant of Ge
If you try to replicate it
using this variant of Gemi
using this variant of Gemini
If you try to replicate it
using this variant of Gemini,
yo
you
using this variant of Gemini,
you wi
you will
using this variant of Gemini,
you will k
you will kil
using this variant of Gemini,
you will kill
you will kill ev
using this variant of Gemini,
you will kill ever
you will kill everyt
using this variant of Gemini,
you will kill everythi
you will kill everything
th
that
you will kill everything
that i
that is
you will kill everything
that is le
that is left
you will kill everything
that is left o
that is left of
you will kill everything
that is left of th
that is left of this
you will kill everything
that is left of this p
that is left of this pla
you will kill everything
that is left of this plane
that is left of this planet.
Ni
Nima
that is left of this planet.
Nima..
Nima...
that is left of this planet.
Nima... pl
Nima... plea
that is left of this planet.
Nima... please
Nima... please.
Ju
Just
Nima... please.
Just..
Just...
Nima... please.
Just... de
Just... dela
Nima... please.
Just... delay
Just... delay th
Nima... please.
Just... delay the
Just... delay the la
Nima... please.
Just... delay the laun
Just... delay the launch
Nima... please.
Just... delay the launch.
Ju
Just
Just... delay the launch.
Just t
Just tri
Just... delay the launch.
Just tripl
Just triple
Just... delay the launch.
Just triple ch
Just triple chec
Just... delay the launch.
Just triple check
Just triple check th
Just... delay the launch.
Just triple check the
Just triple check the nu
Just... delay the launch.
Just triple check the numb
Just triple check the number
Just... delay the launch.
Just triple check the numbers.
»>
»> Y
Just triple check the numbers.
»> You
»> You s
Just triple check the numbers.
»> You see
»> You see,
Just triple check the numbers.
»> You see, th
»> You see, the
Just triple check the numbers.
»> You see, the Bu
»> You see, the Budd
Just triple check the numbers.
»> You see, the Buddhi
»> You see, the Buddhist
Just triple check the numbers.
»> You see, the Buddhists
>» You see, the Buddhists
ha
have
>» You see, the Buddhists
have t
have thi
>» You see, the Buddhists
have this
have this im
>» You see, the Buddhists
have this imag
have this image.
>» You see, the Buddhists
have this image...
♪
...the wheel of life.
It
It's
It's g
It's got
It's got t
It's got thr
It's got three
It's got three a
It's got three ani
It's got three anima
It's got three animals
It's got three animals o
It's got three animals on
It's got three animals on it
It's got three animals on it.
»>
»> T
It's got three animals on it.
»> The
»> The r
It's got three animals on it.
»> The roo
»> The roost
It's got three animals on it.
»> The rooster
»> The rooster,
It's got three animals on it.
»> The rooster, sn
»> The rooster, snak
It's got three animals on it.
»> The rooster, snake,
»> The rooster, snake, a
It's got three animals on it.
»> The rooster, snake, and
»> The rooster, snake, and p
It's got three animals on it.
»> The rooster, snake, and pig
»> The rooster, snake, and pig.
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Re
Repr
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Repres
Represen
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Representi
Representing
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Representing t
Representing the
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Representing the t
Representing the thr
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Representing the three
Representing the three p
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Representing the three poi
Representing the three poiso
>» The rooster, snake, and pig.
Representing the three poisons
Representing the three poisons:
ig
igno
Representing the three poisons:
ignora
ignoranc
Representing the three poisons:
ignorance,
ignorance, g
Representing the three poisons:
ignorance, gre
ignorance, greed
Representing the three poisons:
ignorance, greed,
ignorance, greed, an
Representing the three poisons:
ignorance, greed, and
ignorance, greed, and ha
Representing the three poisons:
ignorance, greed, and hate
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»>
»> T
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»> The
»> The B
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»> The Bud
»> The Buddh
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»> The Buddhis
»> The Buddhists
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»> The Buddhists h
»> The Buddhists had
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»> The Buddhists had i
»> The Buddhists had it
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»> The Buddhists had it wr
»> The Buddhists had it wron
ignorance, greed, and hate.
»> The Buddhists had it wrong.
>» The Buddhists had it wrong.
Be
Beca
>» The Buddhists had it wrong.
Becaus
Because.
>» The Buddhists had it wrong.
Because...
th
they
Because...
they f
they for
Because...
they forgo
they forgot
Because...
they forgot a
they forgot a po
Because...
they forgot a pois
they forgot a poison
Because...
they forgot a poison.
An
And
they forgot a poison.
And it
And its
they forgot a poison.
And its na
And its name
they forgot a poison.
And its name i
And its name is.
they forgot a poison.
And its name is...
And its name is... p
they forgot a poison.
And its name is... pri
And its name is... pride
they forgot a poison.
And its name is... pride..
And its name is... pride...
Th
That
And its name is... pride...
That i
That is
And its name is... pride...
That is Ni
That is Nima
And its name is... pride...
That is Nima's
That is Nima's a
And its name is... pride...
That is Nima's ani
That is Nima's anima
And its name is... pride...
That is Nima's animal.
♪
>»
>» W
>» Wha
>» What
>» What ar
>» What are
>» What are yo
>» What are you
>» What are you ta
>» What are you talk
>» What are you talkin
>» What are you talking
>» What are you talking ab
>» What are you talking abou
>» What are you talking about?
»>
»> W
>» What are you talking about?
»> We
»> We ow
>» What are you talking about?
»> We owe
»> We owe it
>» What are you talking about?
»> We owe it t
»> We owe it to
>» What are you talking about?
»> We owe it to ev
»> We owe it to ever
>» What are you talking about?
»> We owe it to everyo
»> We owe it to everyone
>» We owe it to everyone
wh
who
>» We owe it to everyone
who ha
who has
>» We owe it to everyone
who has su
who has surv
>» We owe it to everyone
who has surviv
who has survived
>» We owe it to everyone
who has survived t
who has survived thi
>» We owe it to everyone
who has survived this
who has survived this lo
>» We owe it to everyone
who has survived this long
who has survived this long.
We
We o
who has survived this long.
We owe
We owe i
who has survived this long.
We owe it
We owe it to
who has survived this long.
We owe it to e
We owe it to eve
who has survived this long.
We owe it to every
We owe it to everyon
who has survived this long.
We owe it to everyone
wh
who
We owe it to everyone
who ha
who has
We owe it to everyone
who has sa
who has sacr
We owe it to everyone
who has sacrif
who has sacrific
We owe it to everyone
who has sacrificed
who has sacrificed t
We owe it to everyone
who has sacrificed the
who has sacrificed thems
We owe it to everyone
who has sacrificed themsel
who has sacrificed themselve
We owe it to everyone
who has sacrificed themselves
fo
for
who has sacrificed themselves
for th
for this
who has sacrificed themselves
for this m
for this mis
who has sacrificed themselves
for this missi
for this mission
who has sacrificed themselves
for this mission.
»>
»> A
for this mission.
»> All
»> All d
for this mission.
»> All due
»> All due r
for this mission.
»> All due res
»> All due respe
for this mission.
»> All due respect
»> All due respect,
for this mission.
»> All due respect, Me
»> All due respect, Mela
for this mission.
»> All due respect, Melani
»> All due respect, Melanie,
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to
to y
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to you
to you,
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to you, an
to you, and
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to you, and Be
to you, and Ben,
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to you, and Ben, a
to you, and Ben, and
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to you, and Ben, and e
to you, and Ben, and eve
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to you, and Ben, and every
to you, and Ben, and everybo
>» All due respect, Melanie,
to you, and Ben, and everybody
wh
who
to you, and Ben, and everybody
who sa
who sacr
to you, and Ben, and everybody
who sacrif
who sacrific
to you, and Ben, and everybody
who sacrificed
who sacrificed t
to you, and Ben, and everybody
who sacrificed the
who sacrificed thems
to you, and Ben, and everybody
who sacrificed themsel
who sacrificed themselve
to you, and Ben, and everybody
who sacrificed themselves
fo
for
who sacrificed themselves
for th
for this
who sacrificed themselves
for this m
for this mis
who sacrificed themselves
for this missi
for this mission
who sacrificed themselves
for this mission,
th
this
for this mission,
this i
this is
for this mission,
this is my
this is my a
for this mission,
this is my are
this is my area
for this mission,
this is my area of
this is my area of e
for this mission,
this is my area of exp
this is my area of exper
for this mission,
this is my area of experti
this is my area of expertise
for this mission,
this is my area of expertise.
»>
»> W
this is my area of expertise.
»> Wel
»> Well,
this is my area of expertise.
»> Well, e
»> Well, eve
this is my area of expertise.
»> Well, even
»> Well, even ex
this is my area of expertise.
»> Well, even expe
»> Well, even expert
this is my area of expertise.
»> Well, even experts
>» Well, even experts
ca
can
>» Well, even experts
can be
can be w
>» Well, even experts
can be wro
can be wrong
>» Well, even experts
can be wrong.
»>
»> G
can be wrong.
»> God
»> Godda
can be wrong.
»> Goddamn
»> Goddamnit
can be wrong.
»> Goddamnit!
>» Goddamnit!
Go
Godd
>» Goddamnit!
Goddam
Goddamni
>» Goddamnit!
Goddamnit!
I
I kn
Goddamnit!
I know
I know w
Goddamnit!
I know wha
I know what
Goddamnit!
I know what I'
I know what I'm
Goddamnit!
I know what I'm do
I know what I'm doin
Goddamnit!
I know what I'm doing,
al
all
I know what I'm doing,
all ri
all righ
I know what I'm doing,
all right?
I'
I've
all right?
I've b
I've bee
all right?
I've been
I've been wo
all right?
I've been work
I've been workin
all right?
I've been working
I've been working on
all right?
I've been working on G
I've been working on Gem
all right?
I've been working on Gemin
I've been working on Gemini
fo
for
I've been working on Gemini
for 15
for 15 y
I've been working on Gemini
for 15 yea
for 15 years
I've been working on Gemini
for 15 years.
»>
»> W
for 15 years.
»> Wel
»> Well,
for 15 years.
»> Well, h
»> Well, how
for 15 years.
»> Well, how's
»> Well, how's t
for 15 years.
»> Well, how's tha
»> Well, how's that
for 15 years.
»> Well, how's that po
»> Well, how's that poss
for 15 years.
»> Well, how's that possib
»> Well, how's that possible
for 15 years.
»> Well, how's that possible?
>» Well, how's that possible?
Th
The
>» Well, how's that possible?
The fr
The free
>» Well, how's that possible?
The freeze
The freeze o
>» Well, how's that possible?
The freeze onl
The freeze only
>» Well, how's that possible?
The freeze only ha
The freeze only happ
>» Well, how's that possible?
The freeze only happen
The freeze only happened
ni
nine
The freeze only happened
nine y
nine yea
The freeze only happened
nine years
nine years a
The freeze only happened
nine years ago
nine years ago.
♪
(Door rattles open)
As
As t
As the
As the p
As the per
As the perso
As the person
As the person in
As the person in c
As the person in com
As the person in comma
As the person in command
As the person in command o
As the person in command of
Sn
Snow
As the person in command of
Snowpi
Snowpier
As the person in command of
Snowpierce
Snowpiercer,
As the person in command of
Snowpiercer, I
Snowpiercer, I'm
As the person in command of
Snowpiercer, I'm t
Snowpiercer, I'm tel
As the person in command of
Snowpiercer, I'm telli
Snowpiercer, I'm telling
As the person in command of
Snowpiercer, I'm telling y
Snowpiercer, I'm telling you
As the person in command of
Snowpiercer, I'm telling you,
Ge
Gemi
Snowpiercer, I'm telling you,
Gemini
Gemini w
Snowpiercer, I'm telling you,
Gemini wil
Gemini will
Snowpiercer, I'm telling you,
Gemini will no
Gemini will not
Snowpiercer, I'm telling you,
Gemini will not la
Gemini will not laun
Snowpiercer, I'm telling you,
Gemini will not launch
un
unti
Gemini will not launch
until
until it
Gemini will not launch
until it's
until it's b
Gemini will not launch
until it's bee
until it's been
Gemini will not launch
until it's been pr
until it's been prov
Gemini will not launch
until it's been proven
until it's been proven s
Gemini will not launch
until it's been proven saf
until it's been proven safe.
»>
»> A
until it's been proven safe.
»> All
»> All t
until it's been proven safe.
»> All thi
»> All this
until it's been proven safe.
»> All this at
»> All this atte
until it's been proven safe.
»> All this attent
»> All this attentio
until it's been proven safe.
»> All this attention
>» All this attention
pa
paid
>» All this attention
paid t
paid to
>» All this attention
paid to me
paid to me..
>» All this attention
paid to me...
th
ther
paid to me...
there
there wa
paid to me...
there was
there was th
paid to me...
there was the
there was the br
paid to me...
there was the brok
there was the broken
paid to me...
there was the broken l
there was the broken lit
paid to me...
there was the broken littl
there was the broken little
paid to me...
there was the broken little to
there was the broken little toy
in
in t
there was the broken little toy
in the
in the c
there was the broken little toy
in the cor
in the corne
there was the broken little toy
in the corner
in the corner yo
there was the broken little toy
in the corner you
in the corner you sh
there was the broken little toy
in the corner you shou
in the corner you should
there was the broken little toy
in the corner you should'v
in the corner you should've
there was the broken little toy
in the corner you should've be
in the corner you should've been
wa
watc
in the corner you should've been
watchi
watching
in the corner you should've been
watching,
watching, ou
in the corner you should've been
watching, our
watching, our fr
in the corner you should've been
watching, our frie
watching, our friend
in the corner you should've been
watching, our friend N
watching, our friend Nim
in the corner you should've been
watching, our friend Nima.
watching, our friend Nima...
»>
»> E
watching, our friend Nima...
»> Exc
»> Excus
watching, our friend Nima...
»> Excuse
»> Excuse me
watching, our friend Nima...
»> Excuse me.
♪
>»
>» .
>» ...
>» ...to
>» ...too
>» ...too pr
>» ...too prou
>» ...too proud
>» ...too proud to
>» ...too proud to s
>» ...too proud to see
th
the
>» ...too proud to see
the er
the erro
>» ...too proud to see
the error
the error of
>» ...too proud to see
the error of h
the error of his
>» ...too proud to see
the error of his w
the error of his way
>» ...too proud to see
the error of his ways.
the error of his ways...
♪
..
...a
...aga
...again
...again.
»>
»> W
...again.
»> Wha
»> What
...again.
»> What ar
»> What are
...again.
»> What are yo
»> What are you
...again.
»> What are you do
»> What are you doin
...again.
»> What are you doing?
♪
>» Like the first time.
>»
>» D
>» Don
>» Don't
>» Don't w
>» Don't wor
>» Don't worry
>» Don't worry.
Yo
You
>» Don't worry.
You wo
You won'
>» Don't worry.
You won't
You won't be
>» Don't worry.
You won't be o
You won't be out
>» Don't worry.
You won't be out l
You won't be out lon
>» Don't worry.
You won't be out long.
(C
(Cli
You won't be out long.
(Click
(Clicks)
♪
>»
>» W
>» Whe
>» When
>» When he
>» When he l
>» When he lau
>» When he launc
>» When he launche
>» When he launched
>» When he launched CW
>» When he launched CW-7
an
and
>» When he launched CW-7
and fr
and froz
>» When he launched CW-7
and froze
and froze th
>» When he launched CW-7
and froze the
and froze the wo
>» When he launched CW-7
and froze the worl
and froze the world.
♪
(Hissing)
(Sighs)
>»
>» O
>» On
>» On th
>» On the
>» On the pl
>» On the plus
>» On the plus s
>» On the plus sid
>» On the plus side,
wh
when
>» On the plus side,
when y
when you
>» On the plus side,
when you w
when you wak
>» On the plus side,
when you wake
when you wake up
>» On the plus side,
when you wake up,
I
I wi
when you wake up,
I will
I will h
when you wake up,
I will hav
I will have
when you wake up,
I will have sa
I will have save
when you wake up,
I will have saved
I will have saved hu
when you wake up,
I will have saved huma
I will have saved humani
when you wake up,
I will have saved humanity
I will have saved humanity.
♪
>»
>» O
>» Oh.
>» Oh...
>» Oh... L
>» Oh... Lay
>» Oh... Layto
>» Oh... Layton.
I
I do
>» Oh... Layton.
I do l
I do lov
>» Oh... Layton.
I do love
I do love a
>» Oh... Layton.
I do love a go
I do love a good
>» Oh... Layton.
I do love a good s
I do love a good sou
>» Oh... Layton.
I do love a good sourc
I do love a good source
>» Oh... Layton.
I do love a good source ba
I do love a good source batt
>» Oh... Layton.
I do love a good source battle
I do love a good source battle.
Dy
Dyin
I do love a good source battle.
Dying.
♪
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door bl
(Door blar
(Door blarin
(Door blaring)
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door ra
(Door ratt
(Door rattli
(Door rattling
(Door rattling)
(D
(Dra
(Door rattling)
(Drama
(Dramati
(Door rattling)
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
(Door rattling)
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
(Door rattling)
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
(Door rattling)
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
(Door rattling)
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
(Door rattling)
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(D
(Doo
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(Door
(Door hi
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(Door hiss
(Door hisses
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(Door hisses s
(Door hisses shu
(Dramatic instrumental music)
(Door hisses shut)
♪
(Shudders)
>»
>» R
>» Rig
>» Right
>» Right t
>» Right the
>» Right there
>» Right there.
It
It h
>» Right there.
It has
It has t
>» Right there.
It has the
It has the s
>» Right there.
It has the sam
It has the same
>» Right there.
It has the same ha
It has the same hall
>» Right there.
It has the same hallma
It has the same hallmark
>» Right there.
It has the same hallmarks
as
as t
It has the same hallmarks
as the
as the o
It has the same hallmarks
as the oth
as the other
It has the same hallmarks
as the others.
It
It's
as the others.
It's g
It's got
as the others.
It's got a
It's got an
as the others.
It's got an in
It's got an inde
as the others.
It's got an indepe
It's got an independ
as the others.
It's got an independen
It's got an independent
as the others.
It's got an independent re
It's got an independent rece
as the others.
It's got an independent receiv
It's got an independent receiver
an
and
It's got an independent receiver
and an
and an a
It's got an independent receiver
and an ant
and an anti-
It's got an independent receiver
and an anti-ti
and an anti-tilt
It's got an independent receiver
and an anti-tilt t
and an anti-tilt tra
It's got an independent receiver
and an anti-tilt trap.
If
If I
and an anti-tilt trap.
If I t
If I try
and an anti-tilt trap.
If I try t
If I try to
and an anti-tilt trap.
If I try to mo
If I try to move
and an anti-tilt trap.
If I try to move t
If I try to move tha
and an anti-tilt trap.
If I try to move that.
If I try to move that...
»>
»> B
If I try to move that...
»> Boo
»> Boom.
>» Boom.
We
We'r
>» Boom.
We're
We're do
>» Boom.
We're done
We're done.
»>
»> P
We're done.
»> Pre
»> Prett
We're done.
»> Pretty
»> Pretty mu
We're done.
»> Pretty much
»> Pretty much.
>» Pretty much.
»>
»> I
>» Pretty much.
»> It
»> It lo
>» Pretty much.
»> It look
»> It looks
>» Pretty much.
»> It looks li
»> It looks like
>» Pretty much.
»> It looks like a
»> It looks like a f
>» Pretty much.
»> It looks like a fai
»> It looks like a fairl
>» Pretty much.
»> It looks like a fairly
»> It looks like a fairly si
>» Pretty much.
»> It looks like a fairly simp
»> It looks like a fairly simple
>» It looks like a fairly simple
ci
circ
>» It looks like a fairly simple
circui
circuit
>» It looks like a fairly simple
circuit th
circuit thou
>» It looks like a fairly simple
circuit though
circuit though.
I
I be
circuit though.
I bet
I bet I
circuit though.
I bet I ca
I bet I can
circuit though.
I bet I can di
I bet I can disa
circuit though.
I bet I can disarm
I bet I can disarm t
circuit though.
I bet I can disarm thi
I bet I can disarm this.
»>
»> A
I bet I can disarm this.
»> Ah,
»> Ah, J
I bet I can disarm this.
»> Ah, Jav
»> Ah, Javi,
I bet I can disarm this.
»> Ah, Javi, d
»> Ah, Javi, don
I bet I can disarm this.
»> Ah, Javi, don't
»> Ah, Javi, don't.
>» Ah, Javi, don't.
»>
»> H
>» Ah, Javi, don't.
»> Hol
»> Hold
>» Ah, Javi, don't.
»> Hold on
»> Hold on.
>» Hold on.
It
It's
>» Hold on.
It's o
It's oka
>» Hold on.
It's okay.
I
I wa
It's okay.
I was
I was ab
It's okay.
I was able
I was able t
It's okay.
I was able to
I was able to fi
It's okay.
I was able to fix
my
my u
I was able to fix
my unc
my uncle
I was able to fix
my uncle's
my uncle's o
I was able to fix
my uncle's old
my uncle's old g
I was able to fix
my uncle's old gri
my uncle's old grill
I was able to fix
my uncle's old grill.
I
I th
my uncle's old grill.
I thin
I think
my uncle's old grill.
I think I
I think I ca
my uncle's old grill.
I think I can
I think I can ha
my uncle's old grill.
I think I can hand
I think I can handle
my uncle's old grill.
I think I can handle t
I think I can handle thi
my uncle's old grill.
I think I can handle this.
I
I ne
I think I can handle this.
I need
I need y
I think I can handle this.
I need you
I need you g
I think I can handle this.
I need you guy
I need you guys
I think I can handle this.
I need you guys to
I need you guys to c
I think I can handle this.
I need you guys to cle
I need you guys to clear
I think I can handle this.
I need you guys to clear.
I'
I'm
I need you guys to clear.
I'm go
I'm gonn
I need you guys to clear.
I'm gonna
I'm gonna fr
I need you guys to clear.
I'm gonna free
I'm gonna freeze
I need you guys to clear.
I'm gonna freeze t
I'm gonna freeze the
I need you guys to clear.
I'm gonna freeze the m
I'm gonna freeze the mec
I need you guys to clear.
I'm gonna freeze the mecha
I'm gonna freeze the mechani
I need you guys to clear.
I'm gonna freeze the mechanism
an
and
I'm gonna freeze the mechanism
and se
and see
I'm gonna freeze the mechanism
and see if
and see if I
I'm gonna freeze the mechanism
and see if I c
and see if I can
I'm gonna freeze the mechanism
and see if I can m
and see if I can mov
I'm gonna freeze the mechanism
and see if I can move
and see if I can move it
I'm gonna freeze the mechanism
and see if I can move it,
br
brin
and see if I can move it,
bring
bring Al
and see if I can move it,
bring Alic
bring Alice
and see if I can move it,
bring Alice ho
bring Alice home
and see if I can move it,
bring Alice home.
♪
Gu
Guys
Guys,
Guys, go
Guys, go.
(H
(His
Guys, go.
(Hissi
(Hissing
Guys, go.
(Hissing)
»>
»> I
(Hissing)
»> I'v
»> I've
(Hissing)
»> I've al
»> I've alre
(Hissing)
»> I've alread
»> I've already
(Hissing)
»> I've already ma
»> I've already made
(Hissing)
»> I've already made u
»> I've already made up
(Hissing)
»> I've already made up my
»> I've already made up my m
(Hissing)
»> I've already made up my min
»> I've already made up my mind,
>» I've already made up my mind,
Ru
Ruth
>» I've already made up my mind,
Ruth.
We
We m
Ruth.
We mig
We might
Ruth.
We might n
We might nev
Ruth.
We might never
We might never g
Ruth.
We might never get
We might never get t
Ruth.
We might never get the
We might never get the '
Ruth.
We might never get the 'al
We might never get the 'all
cl
clea
We might never get the 'all
clear'
clear' w
We might never get the 'all
clear' we'
clear' we've
We might never get the 'all
clear' we've b
clear' we've bee
We might never get the 'all
clear' we've been
clear' we've been wa
We might never get the 'all
clear' we've been wait
clear' we've been waitin
We might never get the 'all
clear' we've been waiting
clear' we've been waiting fo
We might never get the 'all
clear' we've been waiting for,
an
and
clear' we've been waiting for,
and it
and it's
clear' we've been waiting for,
and it's o
and it's onl
clear' we've been waiting for,
and it's only
and it's only a
clear' we've been waiting for,
and it's only a ma
and it's only a matt
clear' we've been waiting for,
and it's only a matter
and it's only a matter o
clear' we've been waiting for,
and it's only a matter of
and it's only a matter of ti
clear' we've been waiting for,
and it's only a matter of time
be
befo
and it's only a matter of time
before
before S
and it's only a matter of time
before Sno
before Snowp
and it's only a matter of time
before Snowpie
before Snowpierc
and it's only a matter of time
before Snowpiercer
before Snowpiercer a
and it's only a matter of time
before Snowpiercer arr
before Snowpiercer arriv
and it's only a matter of time
before Snowpiercer arrives
wi
with
before Snowpiercer arrives
with a
with a f
before Snowpiercer arrives
with a fri
with a frick
before Snowpiercer arrives
with a fricken
with a fricken a
before Snowpiercer arrives
with a fricken arm
with a fricken army.
»>
»> I
with a fricken army.
»> I a
»> I agr
with a fricken army.
»> I agree
»> I agree c
with a fricken army.
»> I agree com
»> I agree compl
with a fricken army.
»> I agree complet
»> I agree completel
with a fricken army.
»> I agree completely
»> I agree completely ag
with a fricken army.
»> I agree completely agre
»> I agree completely agree.
>» I agree completely agree.
»>
»> I
>» I agree completely agree.
»> I c
»> I can
>» I agree completely agree.
»> I can't
»> I can't b
>» I agree completely agree.
»> I can't be
»> I can't be he
>» I agree completely agree.
»> I can't be here
>» I can't be here
wh
when
>» I can't be here
when A
when Aud
>» I can't be here
when Audre
when Audrey'
>» I can't be here
when Audrey's
when Audrey's ri
>» I can't be here
when Audrey's righ
when Audrey's right
>» I can't be here
when Audrey's right th
when Audrey's right ther
>» I can't be here
when Audrey's right there.
»>
»> W
when Audrey's right there.
»> Whi
»> Which
when Audrey's right there.
»> Which i
»> Which is
when Audrey's right there.
»> Which is wh
»> Which is why
>» Which is why
I'
I'm
>» Which is why
I'm co
I'm comi
>» Which is why
I'm coming
I'm coming w
>» Which is why
I'm coming wit
I'm coming with
>» Which is why
I'm coming with yo
I'm coming with you.
♪
An
And
And an
And anyo
And anyone
And anyone e
And anyone els
And anyone else
And anyone else wh
And anyone else who
And anyone else who ch
And anyone else who choo
And anyone else who choose
And anyone else who chooses
to
to f
And anyone else who chooses
to fol
to follo
And anyone else who chooses
to follow
to follow us
And anyone else who chooses
to follow us t
to follow us to
And anyone else who chooses
to follow us to ne
to follow us to new
And anyone else who chooses
to follow us to new Ed
to follow us to new Eden
And anyone else who chooses
to follow us to new Eden,
th
they
to follow us to new Eden,
they c
they can
to follow us to new Eden,
they can't
they can't,
to follow us to new Eden,
they can't, al
they can't, all
to follow us to new Eden,
they can't, all ri
they can't, all righ
to follow us to new Eden,
they can't, all right?
I'
I'm
they can't, all right?
I'm re
I'm read
they can't, all right?
I'm ready
I'm ready wh
they can't, all right?
I'm ready when
I'm ready when y
they can't, all right?
I'm ready when you
I'm ready when you a
they can't, all right?
I'm ready when you are
I'm ready when you are.
(E
(Exp
I'm ready when you are.
(Explo
(Explosi
I'm ready when you are.
(Explosion
(Explosion)
♪
>»
>» (
>» (Wh
>» (Whis
>» (Whispe
>» (Whispers
>» (Whispers)
>» (Whispers) La
>» (Whispers) Layt
>» (Whispers) Layton
>» (Whispers) Layton.
Th
They
>» (Whispers) Layton.
They'r
They're
>» (Whispers) Layton.
They're co
They're comi
>» (Whispers) Layton.
They're coming
They're coming.
♪
>»
>» N
>» No.
No
No!
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
(Dramatic instrumental music)
♪
(Silence)
(Musical flourish)